//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

"Are you sure??" Looking at the contract in my hand, the girl in front of me, with waist-length hair and big eyes, couldn't believe that she would come to me so boldly.

"Well, can I?"

The contract was prepared by her, which clearly stated that she voluntarily asked me to bind her in various non-harmful ways in my studio within the next three days. Of course, she also explained what she could accept and what she wanted me to do to her.

"Actually, although I am a rope master, it feels really weird to do this with you."

"Just treat us as strangers." The girl drank a cup of coffee, grabbed the agreement, and quickly signed and stamped it with her handprint.

"Then, I'll offend you." I saw that she had a clear intention, so I stopped trying to persuade her. I took the agreement, signed it, and let her see it. She just smiled and went to buy the afternoon tea.

"Please teach me a lot, brother."

This girl, named Bai Jing, is my cousin's classmate. When I met her, she was just in junior high school. Now, she is already a 19-year-old girl. I heard that after going to university, although I separated from my cousin, we still kept in touch.

In the past, she often came to play with my cousin, and I often took my cousin to wander around with her. The two stinky girls like to knock me for a big meal. Of course I didn't care, the economy was doing well.

It has been several years in a flash, looking at the current Bai Jing, the feeling that time has passed, she is really beautiful now, completely different from the impression. My cousin didn't know about her coming to me.

After connecting with each other online, I met her, only to find out, how could it be her. Bai Jing was also very surprised, why me? ? At the beginning, we didn't share any photos of each other, and the conversation and personality in the virtual world were far from reality. It wasn't until we met that we realized that we were old acquaintances. Although it was embarrassing, we quickly accepted this fact.

After all, avoidance is meaningless, we have already confided so many thoughts to each other. We don't understand whether it's a match made in heaven, but the odds are obviously lower than winning the lottery...

"Here we are, my studio." Bringing Bai Jing back together, her big eyes felt a little dull. After all, I discovered her secret, so it is impossible for her to be in a good spirit.

"It's not big here, brother, has Chongzi (my cousin's nickname) been here?"

"No, don't mention her, we don't know each other now, don't we?" I moved two benches, sat face to face with Bai Jing, and carefully looked at this girl who had been underestimated since she was a child.

This guy has an oval face, big eyes, and fair skin. She is a little more tired than I thought she was. The small cherry mouth and facial features look particularly good-looking when paired together. It feels as beautiful as a mixed race.

"Brother, it's not like you haven't seen me, don't look at me, do it, it's only three days." Bai Jing put down her belongings, relaxed her muscles and bones, and saw the maid outfit I prepared for her.

She quoted me my size at the beginning and it was made just for her. Especially when she put on the headdress and put on the white stockings, she was so beautiful, really beautiful, why didn't she see it before. Definitely one of the brightest stars standing in the crowd.

The metal collar was worn around her neck, and she fastened it with a golden lock. I held the chain in my hand, and it goes without saying that people know who is the master and who is the servant.

"elder brother……"

"What's the matter?" I pulled Bai Jing to go to the back room of the studio, but she stood there, holding the chain of the collar with both hands, lowering her head, blushing, and even wanted to cry. stopped me.

"Sorry, master, I'm too nervous... Please... don't show mercy."

! ! !

This girl is too good-natured. To be honest, I didn't think about anything other than her appearance and figure, but when this guy opened his mouth, it directly hit the depths of my hormones. In other words, do I... really shouldn't treat her like the younger sister I was when I was a child?

"Master? What's the matter?" Bai Jing tilted her head, the previous haze has been swept away, replaced by the feeling that fits me very well.

"You're so cute, I'm dumbfounded, come here." I pulled the chain around Bai Jing's neck and walked to a steel pipe specially erected in the back room.

Bai Jing walked up to the steel pipe, turned her back to me, and voluntarily put her hands on her back, which was what she had agreed to do at the beginning. A red rope is used to tie her hands and body in Japanese style. The V-shaped knot across the chest is very strong, and the rope pulled down the sides of the shoulders is also very suitable for her.

"In three days, I will be tied up like this by the master. Please punish me for disobedience, master."

As she spoke, Bai Jing slowly turned around and knelt down in front of me. Stepping back a bit, I separated and folded her feet. Bai Jing's slender body is very flexible and her balance is excellent. But the floor mat here is soft, so she won't feel uncomfortable kneeling like this. In order to increase her burden, I specially used a metal rod to tie her feet and thighs a certain distance apart.

"Hmm~ Brother... No, master, next, it's your time."

After Bai Jing finished speaking, her face turned red, because she knew very well that what she was going to face next was her own choice. It is also her own request.

I threw all kinds of props directly under Bai Jing's knees. Bai Jing has been tied to the steel pipe by me kneeling upright, unable to move at all. Seeing me throwing these things away, Bai Jing frowned slightly, but there was a little expectation on her face.

"Little girl, this thing is well developed." I squatted behind Bai Jing, and kneaded my hands directly on Bai Jing's chest. Even though it was separated by clothes, the soft elasticity was very convenient.

"Don't...don't~ Master..."

"Is the body so sensitive?" My hand squeezed Bai Jing's chin, and slowly slid down, from her abdomen, gradually extended to [undescribable], with a light hook in the finger net, through the underwear, Rubbing on Bai Jing's biggest secret.

"Ahh~ Where can't it be done~ No way~"

My hand gently stroked her back and forth, and Bai Jing's body also twisted accordingly. It was obvious that she enjoyed this feeling very much.

"It's so hot, my body...Master, don't...pay too much attention to me."

Indeed, I just touched her very lightly, because I still felt a little weird in my heart, but when Bai Jing said this, I was a little bolder, it seems that I can't completely treat her as a stranger, It's me.

A mouth gag with masculine characteristics was about a few centimeters long. I directly pinched Bai Jing's mouth open and inserted this thing directly in. She, who was still screaming just now, was forced to hold her tongue by this thing, except for coughing hard twice and being nauseous, she couldn't speak at all.

"!!" Bai Jing looked straight at me who walked in front of her, because this was not within the scope of the agreement. She felt humiliated by this thing, but could no longer protest.

I patted Bai Jing's face lightly, she suddenly looked at me very aggrieved, tears rolled in her eyes. Kissing her on the forehead, she knew that from now on, it might be different from what she said.

I took out two electrode patches specially used for magnetic therapy, and stuck them on her inner thighs, directly on the skin. Bai Jing was still at a loss as to what they were. Just watch me fiddle with this weird instrument.

But when I turned the switch of this thing a little, Bai Jing raised her head vigorously as if she was bouncing, her feet were tense, and she twisted her body in pain.

The stimulation of this thing is definitely not something that people who have not accepted it can bear. Bai Jing opened her mouth. Although her tongue was pressed tightly by this hateful gag, her saliva still couldn't help but flow down.

"Ahem...cough!!!" Bai Jing's tears also flowed out, this thing seems to be too irritating to her, so let's stop for now, it should... give her a little comfort first.

Gently pressing a stick against her crotch, Bai Jing hadn't recovered yet, seeing my movements, she really wanted to stop, but there was nothing she could do, with helpless eyes, she could only Brought me to a more brutish attitude.

"Hmmm!!!" The voice in her throat was suppressed, but the moans still filled the room continuously. Under the sudden contact of this thing, Bai Jing's body jumped forward directly, If the rope hadn't been tied very firmly, she might have fallen to the ground.

But this look is even more uncomfortable. I can see that Bai Jing is desperately resisting this feeling. The cute white underpants are gradually getting wet, Bai Jing's blurred eyes, looking at me helplessly, frowning is really touching, I almost couldn't help but want to change the thing in her mouth become mine.

"Try this again." The electric shock film was turned on again, and Bai Jing almost frantically used it to twist the body that was fixed very firmly. Pain and [undescribable] both hit, I don't know which feeling is stronger, but I can see that Bai Jing was almost fainted.

"This is the beginning, baby."

I tentatively decided on the action, and released the thing that was held in Bai Jing's mouth. When I pulled it out, Bai Jing retched twice, and looked at me with regret on her face. The tears of grievance had almost turned her face pale. This is just less than an hour from the start. She couldn't take it anymore.

"Wuuuuuuuuuuu, brother, I was wrong, I don't want it, I didn't expect it to be so uncomfortable, please let me go." Bai Jing cried spasmodically, lowered her head, tears and saliva kept pushing like this.

"No, you have to act according to the contract, even if you are a younger sister, you can't break the contract. Fortunately, it fell into my hands."

After the words were finished, I cut Bai Jing's underpants to pieces with scissors, and pulled them out, revealing her white, round and smooth buttocks and her wet black jungle.

"Brother!! Brother!! No, no, I will pay liquidated damages, as much as you want, please don't touch me again, please! Please..."

"I don't care about money."

After all, I no longer cared about Bai Jing's crying, and wrapped her eyes with black tape three times to make sure she couldn't get them off by herself. Bai Jing's cry echoed in the room, but luckily the diaphragm here is good, and it can't be heard outside.

I pinched her nose, stuffed her freshly cut underpants into her mouth, and wrapped the tape a few more times.

His fingers caressed her, and he was in close contact with her secret garden. It was really soft and warm. I couldn't help but leaned down, poked my head in, and used my lips to imprint on her garden. Tongue lightly licked, Bai Jing trembled suddenly...

It was already noon on the first day, and Bai Jing's body trembled, and she didn't know if it had become stronger or it was over. Anyway, the legs can no longer kneel so standard. The body is crooked and can't support it.

He stared at me blankly, his crotch was already full by me. There was constant vibration and running, and the inner thighs and even the socks were already wet. Behind her, a metal hook hooked directly into the small fleshy flap behind her...

The mouth was stuffed, there was no room for communication at all, and the appearance of almost fainting made me feel a little pity for her. Of course, her clothes that I had torn apart couldn't hide her shameful look at all.

Seeing that the time was almost up, I untied Bai Jing from the steel pipe. When she saw my actions, she had a begging look in her eyes, which made me even more reluctant to let her go. But the rope can be confusing, the meal has to be eaten, and the takeaway order has arrived, wipe Bai Jing's mouth, give her the mouth and take it off...

"Wow~~~" Retching several times in a row, with long silver strands, tears of pain also dripping down.

"Brother... I was wrong, please let me go... woo woo woo."

"Come on, let's eat first." Bai Jing was crying, but I was unmoved, because I knew that she had been happy for countless times.

"No, no! Brother, just let me go. I really can't take it anymore. If this goes on for two days, I will be broken. Just pretend that we haven't done anything well?"

"It seems that you have to bite the gag and hold on to it." I held the gag covered with silver threads and dripping in front of Bai Jing, "Do you still want to try?"

"Brother!!! WooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooPass? I can feel it. Moreover, it is estimated that the hook behind her also brought her a lot of stimulation.

"That was when I was a child, who made you so beautiful now." I stroked Bai Jing's head and kissed her forehead lightly, "I can't help but look at it. And you even signed a contract."

"No, brother, can't our contract be voided?"

"Do you think I'll let you go without a contract now?"

Bai Jing's face changed when she heard what I said. She knew that this time, at least for three days, there was really no chance of escape. She couldn't do anything except endure silently, she could only cry, and cooperated with me to lift her up and put her on the dining table. Temporarily turn off the remote control for her.

Delicious food is in front of you, all fried chicken burgers and the like. Bai Jing originally had her feet tied side by side, thrown on the table, facing me, her feet curled up behind her head were as cute as a pair of ears.

"Come on, brother, let me feed you." I took out a chicken leg and put it next to Bai Jing's mouth.

"I can't eat it, brother, just let me go, can't you just treat me like the younger sister you used to be?"

"Forget it if you don't eat!" Put the remote control on her hand in front of Bai Jing, if I turn this thing up a bit, she will know the result very well.

"Brother, don't~ I'll eat, I'll eat." Bai Jing frowned, and opened her small mouth very reluctantly, her delicate face has been turned pale by me, but still beautiful, "Ah~~ ~"

"Kiss me first~"

I leaned my head towards her, pouted my mouth, and looked at her with a smile. She really had no choice but to grit her teeth and hit me hard with her face, her lips touched my nose.

"You can." I held the remote control with my hand and turned it to the middle position for her, and Bai Jing pulled her back in an instant. He closed his eyes, gritted his teeth and persisted, resisting, but all of this ended in a few tens of seconds of moaning.

"I was wrong, brother, it's closed, please, can't I kiss you?"

It seems that this guy is slowly learning how to behave, not bad. But I just weakened her a bit and didn't turn it off, "This is your punishment for disobedience, give me a good meal, otherwise..."

"Yes... yes, brother, I will be obedient."

"Brother??" I gripped the remote control tightly again.

"Master! Master... people."

Bai Jing obediently put her mouth to mine, and kissed her. Under the comfort of the thing on her crotch, her expression became more and more charming. When kissing lightly, the tongue sticks out. Yes, it seems that this guy just needs to be strong.

After feeding her a good meal and drinking some water, Bai Jing lay on the table, the water had flowed into the column, but she had no resistance at all. Although she didn't gag, she didn't moan too much. Instead, it felt like she was enjoying it.

"Why don't you struggle anymore?" I gently grabbed Bai Jing's hair, raised her head and looked at her, "Have you given up?"

"Anyway, you won't let me go when I cry so hard, you might as well just let it go. It's actually... quite comfortable."

"You bastard." I tapped her on the head lightly,

"How did it change so quickly?"

"Brother, I'm also an insider anyway, but... I'm not used to being like this with you. Since you're shameless and don't treat me as a younger sister, then I won't treat you as a brother either. You can do whatever you want. "Bai Jing said, turning her head, "I came here to find this feeling."

"Have you ever played before?" Hearing Bai Jing say this, I also became curious. Anyway, it's lunch break time, so a few chats are fine.

"If you want to chat, just turn off that thing first, I'm shy!" Bai Jing rubbed her head on the table, stared at me, "You must let me have a rest too."

"Okay, then it's brother and sister time for the time being." I turned off the remote control, "Okay, Jinger, how did you get into the circle? Tell me?"

"It's not your good cousin. She brought me in, and then stopped playing with me. I wanted to find someone to play with when I was free. Later, I heard someone introduce you on the Internet, saying that you have a good reputation. Just add it, if you know it's...it's you, brother, I won't come." Bai Jing blushed as she spoke.

"Okay, I won't bully you on purpose, let's talk, what do you want to do this afternoon?"

"Isn't it written in the contract? Just do it according to the schedule. I don't care about it now. I'm not as rigid as before."

"Then I will wrong you, come on."

I picked up Bai Jing, untied her feet, and took her to the inner room again. This time, I let her loosen her hands, then tied her arms side by side, and hung them on the hook behind her, hanging high. I also tied her long hair and hung it on this hook.

Bai Jing could only bend down and look up at me. Her feet, I asked her to cross and stand together, and specially put on a pair of high heels for her, so now she is standing with her feet crossed, her legs are shaking all the time.

"I...maybe I can't hold on, like this..." Bai Jing's words trembled, and I could see that her feet were very hard.

"If you can't hold on, you can find a way to untie the rope." I smiled and touched her face, "How about standing like this until dinner?"

"No, no, no, ten minutes at most, it's too uncomfortable. Help me take off my shoes."

"It's just you talking nonsense." I turned on the remote control, and Bai Jing almost fell off.

"Ahh~~ah!!! You...you..." Bai Jing stared at me, but she didn't dare to say anything. She knew that the initiative was completely on my side now, and she didn't even have a chance.

Bai Jing clenched her fists, gritted her teeth and watched me walk behind her, lifted her skirt, and patted her white and tender buttocks.

The metal hook has been taken out, replaced by a soft plug that can be inflated, gently [undescribable], I squeezed Bai Jing several times with the inflation valve.

"Hey!! Don't! It's so swollen..." Bai Jing can be said to be crying like hell, who told her to write these items she wants to experience in the contract.

"Be good to me." I walked in front of Bai Jing, unzipped my pants chain, and touched her head with my hand, "Now, is it time for you to come and serve me?"

"No, brother, are you serious?"

Although the contract states that she can accept this, she still can't let go of the actual interaction with me...uh, this brother who has been good to her since she was a child.

"Nonsense, it's written in the contract. Clean up, open your mouth!"

"Wait...ummm..."

Before Bai Jing finished speaking, I had already stuffed my good brother into her mouth, which was definitely better than the gag thing before.

"!!"

Bai Jing told me to wait, but as soon as I put it in, this guy frowned, and began to stimulate me with his tongue very skillfully. I was not ready yet, and when I was about to step back a little, she was already tense. It sucked me tight.

"Ah...you! How could..." I laid my hands on her head, and my body relaxed slightly. I didn't expect this guy to be so powerful, which made my legs a little weak.

"Yeah!!" Bai Jing seemed to be taking revenge, her teeth were slightly stuck on me, preventing me from moving around, but her tongue kept poking at me, which made me irritated and uncomfortable. Still dare not move.

"Okay, okay, okay." I had to grit my teeth a little bit to persevere, but Bai Jing didn't let me go, "If you don't stop, I will hurt each other with you."

Bai Jing couldn't speak, but she still didn't want to stop at all. Instead, she kept pressing her tongue against mine, mine...Ahhh, how can this guy be so skilled! ! ! I almost got out of her.

The remote control was also turned on to the maximum for her, and this guy subconsciously bit me lightly, causing me to spit it out unreservedly in the stimulation and pain...all of it got into this guy's mouth...

"Cough cough...cough cough, you second-guess man, you can't do it! Ahh~~ shut it off~ I can't stand it!!"

"I told you to stop just now, didn't I tell you to get it out?"

"Ah~ brother~~ you..."

Revenge made Bai Jing feel [undescribable] once, so I wiped my mouth and let her down. According to the contract, I can't go too far in the first two days, and on the third day, let me Play freely, as long as it doesn't hurt her.

This guy's request is really simple, focusing on placement. According to the contract, what she wants to try is basically ordinary binding, hanging and the like. Maybe what she is looking forward to more is the third day, the time left to me.

"Brother~~ This maid pretends to be in the way, can you...take it off? Haha, it must be so exciting..."

His hands were tied tightly to Bai Jing and his elbows. It's still the red rope, which she specified, but this time, the effect of not wearing clothes is far, far, much stronger than the maid's outfit, whether it is the visual effect or the upper body effect of the rope.

"Brother, why are you in a daze?" Bai Jing looked back at me like a normal person, ignoring the fact that she was completely naked in front of me.

"wait……"

It made me feel embarrassed all of a sudden. Bai Jing's body is really white and clean, except for the eye-catching butterfly tattoo on the right shoulder under the collarbone, everything else is as white as jade.

The chest is not too big, but it is just right, not to mention that it can be grasped with one hand, the shape is very standard, very tall and straight. Those two little meatballs are now pointing straight at me.

I stabilized my figure. After all, it was clearly written in the contract. If I can't help but want to do that, I must get Bai Jing's consent, otherwise the price of breaching the contract will be very high. Judging by the way this guy looks now, he definitely won't give me a chance.

"Haha, haha, brother, you won't be like me, no, I just used my mouth for you, absolutely not today. Don't break the contract."

"Don't worry, at least I can hold back on you."

The rope continued to be tied to Bai Jing's body. Bai Jing twisted and found that I was tied a little hard, "Brother, you can't tie me up on purpose."

"If you have the ability to untie the rope yourself, then reason with me." I tied Bai Jing's feet side by side, "Now, you can only obey!"

"You can!" In addition to the maid's headgear on her head, Bai Jing also has ropes on her body. Of course, these ropes will only make her look more sexy and charming. It seems that the little girl back then has really grown up.

I was hugged by a princess of mine, and walked to the cage that was prepared for her in advance. The cage was opened. I had calculated the size before, and it should be just right for her to lie down on four horses. However, there was a problem with the calculation, although I made it to the measurements she gave me...

"Brother, this one is too small, I can't get in..." Bai Jing's head was almost touching the edge of the cage, but her knees were still a little exposed, just a little bit, "How did you do it? I want to give You bad review!"

"Isn't it the size you gave me??" I tried to tuck her in a little bit, but she couldn't do it at all, otherwise her face would have to be squeezed up.

"Didn't you know that railings also have width?"

"Yeah..." I just realized the problem...

"Breach of contract! Lose money!!!"

"Beautiful thinking!"

I could only adjust the angle of Bai Jing so that her head was facing the side corner of the cage, her knees were also facing the side corner, and then the whole person was stuffed into it with straight arms, just enough to close the cage, and put a slap on her. Lock. Then dropped the key to the lock on the floor in front of her. Of course, I made a cushion for her under the cage, so that she won't feel too uncomfortable after being locked up for a long time.

Of course, I guess that such a small space should be very depressing. After all, the whole person has no room to move, even if he wants to turn over, he is still bound in such a shameful posture...

"Brother, did you forget something..."

Bai Jing opened her mouth and motioned me to look at her, "You forgot to gag...enh!!"

I directly stuffed the stockings she had just taken off through the cage's railing. Although my hands couldn't fit into the cage, this guy's mouth was right next to the railing. It was too easy for me to stuff this sock in.

"Yeah, umm, umm!!"

Bai Jing's meaning is very clear, according to the contract, I have to leave now. I left her alone in the room, and I didn't prepare anything for her, except for the gadget that was placed in her body before, and I just opened it for her.

Bai Jing kept twisting her body, but being locked up so tightly meant she could move her fingers. I shook my head, not wanting to pay attention to her. I closed the door, set the alarm, and went out to the living room to rest.

"Damn girl, why haven't I seen you for two years, but she looks so beautiful." I looked at the [undescribable] in my crotch, and unconsciously wanted to solve it with my hands.

As soon as she took the toilet paper in her hand, Bai Jing actually yelled, this guy pushed the sock out of his mouth with his tongue, "Brother, brother, come here!!"

I'm still holding on to this thing! ! What is this guy shouting, really. I just want to be quiet, lie comfortably and face the sky just once...

"Come on, why did you spit it out, bite it back!" I picked up the sock she spit on the ground, and I was about to stuff it back into her mouth again, this guy was so calm that I couldn't believe it, could it be...

"The thing below stopped...you didn't charge it?"

Sure enough, it's strange, I just charged this thing up yesterday. How could there be no response. Scratching his head, he looked at Bai Jing's disgusted look on my face.

"Are you in breach of the contract? You will lose money~ brother!" Bai Jing still moved her toes to provoke me, "Okay, let me out~ You can't do it like this."

This little girl is right, we can only get her out first, but this is a bit troublesome, because the cage is already one size smaller, and it is actually very depressing for her to put it in, and her head is facing inside, and it is a four-horse . There is no way to get out by myself, and I can't get her out. I can't put the cage up and pour it out for her, right?

Seeing that I didn't move for a long time, Bai Jing also knew the problem, and twisted her body vigorously, but the cage did hold her in a bad way.

"..."

To be honest, this is my first time playing with a cage. I really didn't expect it to be like this. I can't get it out... If the cage is erected directly, this guy should fall badly... What should I do?

"You can just drag out the cushion that is on me!" Bai Jing shouted impatiently, "How stupid!"

"Can't drag it! You're too heavy!"

"You want to die, don't you?"

After a few arguments, we finally decided to use the method of physical release. I supported her knees, and she slowly moved back, just like that, a little bit, a little bit. In the end, both of me were sweating profusely, and I finally got Bai Jing out of the cage completely.

"Losing money, losing money!! You are too unprofessional. I thought you were so good. Cut."

"No compensation, the kind you say you want to lock in and you can't get out."

"You!! Forget it, brother, I will discuss something with you. Now we are brothers and sisters with you for the time being! After all, you broke the contract first."

"Okay, I can accept this, say, what are you discussing?"

Bai Jing twisted her body, finally turned herself to my side, lay down in front of me, looked up at me, "I...haha, don't laugh at me when I say it...brother, I want to do it... I'm too...inner...hahaha."

"puff!!"

At Bai Jing's request, I untied the rope for her, which is not a breach of contract, no! But this guy, with his blurred eyes, seductive expression, and every move makes me feel ecstasy... What's the situation with this guy. It's clearly within the contract period, okay?

"Brother, I'm not that particular, but you can't tell the worm later..." After Bai Jing finished speaking, she kissed me, and her tongue directly stuck into my mouth. I was caught off guard and didn't think about it at all. will proceed like this.

"Do you like it? This kind of active little maid..."

Bai Jing pulled off my clothes and trouser chains, and pushed me to the ground, "The contract is suspended, brother. I can't bear it anymore. Don't refuse me, or I'll tell the worms."

After all, Bai Jing didn't wait for any movement from me, she just knelt beside me, grabbed my baby with her hands, up and down...up and down...the little cherry mouth wrapped me up again. But this time, it's not for the purpose of solving me, but...to stimulate me, let me wait to be more majestic.

I lay on the ground, stroking her head with both hands, and didn't make a sound. I knew that this contract, at least for the time being, was useless.

Bai Jing didn't say anything, she looked at the cushion in the cage just now, took it out, and covered my face directly, "Don't let me see that it's you..." This is what she said last when she sat on me In a word.

"Ah~~ Good~ So comfortable!! It's much better than that thing." Bai Jing's performance was completely unexpected. I never thought that this guy would be so relaxed. About to sign the contract, it seems that my worry about her is unnecessary.

I was pinned down by Bai Jing's hand on my head. Fortunately, this thing is breathable, otherwise I would have been tendered to death by her. Bai Jing was very active in twisting her waist up and down, every movement was just right to make me comfortable and exciting. I was so confused by her that I couldn't even yell, so I might just enjoy it like this, after all, such a good thing is rare.

And my hand was pinched directly on Bai Jing's chest. Although this thing is not very big, it is just right enough for me to feel the supreme touch.

Bai Jing is very skillful, she seems to know how to make me more comfortable, how to give me more lasting. There is no unnecessary movement at all, everything about me is well controlled by her.

"Ha...ha..." Bai Jing's breathing was very gentle, without any panting, but it was very attractive, and it kept me dreaming.

"Brother...uh...I'm going first...Ahhh~~" Bai Jing's buttocks are also lifted up and down, the tight feeling is really great, in fact, I can't do it long ago Yes, I have been forcibly enduring it...

Bai Jing leaned back, her hands left my body, but I grabbed her wrists, she seemed to have a strong convulsion for a while, and then her whole body collapsed, lying on top of me, I grabbed her Twist the wrists of both hands behind her, put her elbows together, and then put her wrists and elbows behind her back with my hands, and started my final impact on her.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Struggling hard with both hands, but unable to get rid of my restraint at all, Bai Jing's thighs also clamped my body tightly, the feeling of the slightest buckle made my senses feel so fast

flew up. I didn't expect that this cushion covered my face so that I couldn't see Bai Jing's appearance, but it gave me more room for imagination.

"Ha...ha~~" Bai Jing's twitching body has obviously reached its peak, and I really couldn't help it. After the final impact, finally, a strong eruption stayed deep in Bai Jing's body inside……

"Brother... Lose money!!" Bai Jing cleaned her body and looked at me angrily, "How can you get everything in my body like this!"

"You suppress me like this, I can't help it, just treat it as my breach of contract once." I was also in the bathroom, wiping Bai Jing's back, "Besides, in that situation..."

"What do you mean when you break the contract once? Shit! Scumbag! Haven't you thought about being responsible to me?" Bai Jing turned her head and splashed water on my face with her palm, "I really don't know that I owed you two in my last life." What happened to brothers and sisters! One dragged me into the circle, and the other signed the contract to harm me!"

"You can't say it like that!" I wiped my eyes and saw that Bai Jing had also washed it clean. I took out a bath towel and wiped it off for her, then hugged her like a princess.

"Yeah!! What are you doing! Let go of me, I'm not dressed yet!!" Bai Jing slapped me again and again, but she still hugged my neck, "A pervert! A pervert!"

"Okay, stop beating, or I will tie you up later, believe it or not!" I carried Bai Jing into the room and threw her directly on the bed.

"It's ok, I didn't plan to let you untie it. You can tie me up for half an hour or even longer. But... you can't take pictures, and you can't mess with me."

"Then I..."

"Go on, that cage is a failure, don't close it, it's boring, how about putting it straight? It's almost time to eat anyway." Bai Jing turned her head and stared at me, "You breached the contract first, now listen to me .”

"You just want to eat, all right, stand up for me." I picked up the rope and put it on Bai Jing's body, and she also cooperated with me honestly, "I'll give you an elbow!"

"Just don't tie my neck..."

After finishing speaking, Bai Jing got her wish, and I tied her straight arms and four horses with hemp rope firmly, and tied up her toes. The standard equipment of mouth gag and blindfold, Bai Jing with her ponytail tied up, now, apart from whining, she has become a squirming lump of flesh.

Underneath, I deliberately didn't stuff anything for her, and the strands were not tied. It didn't irritate her at all, but this feeling was extremely stimulating to Bai Jing's psychology. Because, I told her I was going to fill her up anytime, but didn't tell her how.

After closing the door, I went back to the living room again, thinking about the ups and downs with Bai Jing just now, it was really not ordinary magic. I really didn't expect that I would do this with her...with this little girl.

When she and my cousin came to the company to play with me for the first time, I was full of curiosity about this girl who was a bit of a mixed race. She had big eyes and was beautiful, and there was no sense of incongruity at all.

Although he is not that kind of polite, but he is also acting like a baby to me every day. In a blink of an eye, the two little girls at that time became slim and graceful, and every time I took them to discuss business or socialize, it was always good. I don't know how many people have cast envious eyes on me.

Every time they have a tacit understanding, when they go out, they are dressed in one black and one white, and the contrast is like an angel with wings, which makes almost everyone around me want to poach and think of going crazy.

Later, due to some minor changes, Bai Jing left my side. This time lasted for two years. Although my cousin still had some contact with her, it was all sisterhood and had nothing to do with me.

This sudden meeting made me really feel that there is still a saying of fate in the world. I sat on the sofa, thinking of Bai Jing who I placed in the room, that feeling was really great. Originally, I was a serious bundling enthusiast, and I liked the placement of foot controls.

But she just wanted to experience these contents. It can be said that everything was signed according to my preferences. After thinking about it later, I gradually realized the reason, because I had dragged my cousin into the water long ago, and then my cousin only got in touch with my interests, and then she pulled Bai Jing into the circle, of course, my hobbies were subtly influenced Let Bai Jing accept...

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

Haha, is this the butterfly effect? Awesome, what a feeling. Looking at the time on the wall, it was almost dinner time. After ordering takeaway, I went back to the room and looked at Bai Jing who had turned sideways and was facing me. Of course, when she heard me coming in, she just quickly let herself get down on the stomach.

"Good sister, how do you feel?" I took off Bai Jing's gag, checked the time, and tied her for about 40 minutes.

"Ahem! You...you can do it! Don't give me anything...you have tied me up for so long." Bai Jing was already chattering before the rope was untied. Of course, I didn't intend to do it now. Just let her go.

"It hasn't started yet, and it will be delivered soon, so you can go get takeaway with me like this~" I stroked Bai Jing's head, and took off her blindfold, "That's it~ tied up and go with me .”

"Absolutely not! If someone sees you, you're dead, and the contract says you can't go out!" Seeing my serious face, Bai Jing was so anxious that she wanted to break the rope, but she couldn't do anything except yell. less than.

"When did I say I was going to go out, come~" I directly lifted Bai Jing up. This guy is tied to a four-horse horse, but it is very easy to carry. It seems that he is really slender. Haha, I slowly put Bai Jing under the dining table in the living room, removed all the chairs, covered the tablecloth, but deliberately left a wide gap.

Bai Jing is lying here, opening the door can see the outside clearly, but others stand and look in from the door, but they can't see Bai Jing at all. This made Bai Jing very anxious, if someone squatted down, they would definitely be able to see her.

And I just stuffed a thing in Bai Jing's crotch that can ravage her, without blocking her mouth, I stood up when I turned on the switch, and tied her fingers together so that she couldn't take out the thing, Although Bai Jing didn't gag, she didn't dare to shout out at all...

"Hello... Takeaway? Well, is the door open?" The delivery boy pushed open the door and saw me sitting in the living room. From Bai Jing's angle, the distance from the delivery boy was less than 3 meters. If you listen carefully, It's just the sound of the motor.

"Damn it, brother, you are treating me like this! It's so embarrassing!! Ah, it's so comfortable, I don't know why, I suddenly want to be seen by others... I look so ashamed..." Bai Jing lay on her stomach Under the table, her crotch was already wet, and her hands and feet were already numb, but her shameful heart became more and more agitated.

Of course I understand Bai Jing's situation, I just slowly stood up, walked to the delivery boy politely, just about to take the food, but deliberately dropped the key in my hand under the table, and made a sorry to the delivery boy Gesture, I knelt down and gently lifted the tablecloth, Bai Jing's face turned pale with fright. She didn't really want to be seen naked and tied up here.

Fortunately, I moved quickly, and in just a moment, I put down the tablecloth, took the takeaway, closed the door, dragged Bai Jing out, and put it on my dining table. Just like her big eyes and small eyes, Bai Jing's angry eyes round and round, wishing to bite me to death, but I just took out the food with a smile and handed it to her mouth...

"I won't eat!! You bastard! How can you be like this! I was almost seen." Bai Jing twisted her body vigorously and crawled towards me, really wanting to bite me with her mouth.

Looking at her perfect figure with this perfect bondage, especially the beautiful shape of her feet, the rosy white color...

"You can't bite me, haha." I held Bai Jing's head with my hands, anyway, I just bullied her until the end, "Keep working harder~"

"You're so mad at me!!" Bai Jing spat forcefully into my palm, but I directly touched her face, instantly wronged, Bai Jing actually started to cry like this. Uh, I've never seen this guy cry since I was a child. Always so optimistic.

"I said don't cry!" Taking out a wet tissue, I wiped Bai Jing's face clean, but Bai Jing couldn't stop crying, maybe she really felt wronged.

"Brother stinky, brother stinky! It's fine for others to bully me, why do you want to bully me?" Bai Jing's tears fell drop by drop, as if she had been suppressed for a long time, and it wasn't something I could make her cry at once.

"What's wrong with you?" I stroked Bai Jing's head repeatedly, I really didn't want to see this guy cry because of me, "Tell me if you have any grievances."

"No, no, no! Woooooo...others...others will bully me!! I always thought that you would not bully me! I have been away from you for so long, and I will always believe in my heart that as long as I come back to you, you will Will protect me! But you! What did you do to me today! What did you do!!"

Being asked by Bai Jing's soul caught me off guard, what did I do wrong? Didn't we sign a contract to play rope? Everything is in the contract, but I suddenly realized that I don't know anything about this little girl who has been with me for so long.

He has never entered her heart, let alone considered her feelings too much. Everything is just centered on me.

"Why can't you protect me? I don't want you to bully me. I can let others bully me, but I want you to protect me!!" Li burst into tears.

After a long time, when the takeaway was cold, she slowly told me about her affairs. Sure enough, it was exactly as I thought. She left me for the past two years and lived a very bad life outside. Many people saw her bullying her, but she always had a belief in her heart, that is, she hoped that when she returned to me, I would Still protecting her like before.

In fact, she only talked about the secret of playing with her friends on the Internet, but because my cousin went out to study, and she hadn’t tried it for a long time, and she couldn’t forget the feeling in her heart, so she wanted to secretly find a trusted friend , to experience it again together, but in the end, I met the person she least wanted to date...

Bai Jing leaned in my arms, snuggled up, like a bird. Just like before, the one who likes to yell is lying on top of me after being cleaned up by me.

"Brother... There are still 2 days left in the contract, will you still bully me?" Bai Jing pouted, saying what was in her heart, and she probably felt much more relaxed now.

"Of course I will! And I still bully you fiercely!" I nodded Bai Jing's head with my finger.

"You...you didn't... didn't care about what I said just now? Or is it because I have no place in your heart at all?"

"No, fool, it's just the opposite." I kissed Bai Jing's jade lips, "After these three days, I will never have the chance to bully you, and I will only become the good brother you used to be, so, now I , will never let go! Pass! You!"

"I hate it! Brother smelly!" Bai Jing hit me hard with her head, "Then...you can do whatever you want, but tonight, I want one more time..."

"Haha, no problem, but according to the contract, you have to wear that maid outfit and tie me up to do housework for me."

"Hook!"

"Hahaha~~"

Cheerful communication, putting aside the estrangement of acquaintances, abandoning the identity of brother and sister, it seems that tonight is the real beginning...

Bai Jing put on the maid outfit from the beginning, but it was different from the beginning, this time she didn't wear anything underneath! Completely hang the vacuum, haha, so cute. That white apron made me feel extremely excited.

Put on the shackles I prepared for her, with chains connecting her hands and feet. A man bent down and packed the things in the room for me. Every step I take, the sound of the chain irritates my ears.

Bai Jing also cleaned every inch of the room very seriously, with a strong sense of role substitution. The feather duster in his hand kept patting the dust on the table.

Seeing how well she cleaned the place, I admired her a little bit, because the contract clearly stated that she would clean as a maid with shackles, but I didn't expect her to be so serious. Seeing that the living room was cleaned, Bai Jing washed her hands, made me a cup of tea, and walked to me respectfully.

"Master, please have tea." Bai Jing raised the teacup above her head, knelt down in front of me very loyally, and handed the teacup over.

"Well, thank you~"

As soon as I took the teacup and held it in my hand, Bai Jing stared at me with bulging eyes, making me not sure whether to drink the tea or not.

"There is no way to say thank you to the servant. No, return the tea to me and reorganize the language!" Bai Jing snatched the teacup and continued to kneel in front of me. "Master, please have some tea."

Instead, I was a little confused, I don't know what she wants me to say, but after thinking about it, indeed, I really want to see that other masters are more arrogant. I also tried to take the teacup over with one hand, and stroked her head, "OK."

Only then did Bai Jing show a smile, so cute, with such a brilliant smile, she couldn't help but want to kiss her, but she turned around and left, she was so quick in shackles, really nice. It seems that she has been exercising regularly.

Seeing her doing her duty little by little, I sat here admiring it, and suddenly felt warm. So, is Bai Jing so cute? I didn't pay much attention to her who had been following me all the time before, but now, she caused some waves in my heart.

"Jing, come here." I couldn't help it anymore, and waved to Bai Jing, she just tossed her hair, turned her head, stared at me for a moment, put down the things in her hand, and ran to I continued to kneel and sit in front of me.

"Master, what are your orders?" Bai Jing had strong expectations for what I might do next, and I could tell.

"Give me a massage, beat my back."

I closed my eyes and pointed to my shoulders and thighs. Bai Jing was stunned for a moment, and immediately said "yes" with a smile, and began to stroke me up and down with her delicate hands.

Please, what I want is a massage and a back rub, please? What do you mean by touching my inner thigh? It's not even night yet, and you want me to give you the Fa-rectification on the spot?

"Master, here... is it comfortable to press?" Bai Jing's finger directly pressed on the... very sensitive acupuncture point on the inner thigh of my thigh. In an instant my brother was so eager to try it that he almost got up in front of her.

"You...I told you to beat your back, why are you holding me here?" I just wanted to grab Bai Jing's hand, but she shook her head, and she simply opened my legs and knelt down on my legs In the meantime, I sat and watched her like this, and my sense of conquest really reached its peak.

"If... I didn't do it right, master, you can punish me later~ hee hee." As soon as the words fell, Bai Jing hit her head directly. I directly pressed my forehead against my crotch, fumbled with my teeth, found my trouser chain, bit it, and gently pulled it down. She put her hands on the ground and sat on her knees.

As soon as the zipper was opened, my toy couldn't help but bounced up and stood in front of Bai Jing. Made me very embarrassed. This guy is too bold. Looking at me, a guy who is still standing straight through his underwear, and Bai Jing's trademark bright smile, I know exactly what this guy wants to do, but this time I was wrong.

"Haha, Master's pagoda is so tall. I'll clean it~"

After she finished speaking, she stood up and wanted to run, but was held back by me. Damn girl, you made me like this, you want to leave? How could such a good thing happen!

"Then, master, why are you dragging me? Don't you need me to clean it later?"

"Sweep my fire first!"

"Ah! Brother, you broke the contract again...uh huh..."

How can I manage so much, I will lose money at worst. This guy actually knew I was going to do it because I couldn't help it. Damn guy, if I don't make you cry today, I'll write my name upside down!

Bai Jing's struggle was completely symbolic, she knelt down in front of me with her hands on the ground, and I supported her head. Her back and forth movements, the cooperation of her mouth and tongue made me feel her perfection again.

This time, though, she just made me very comfortable and stopped. Then he raised his hand and pushed me away. "Ahem, breach of contract, brother loses money!"

Losing money is nothing to me, my sanity has been wiped out by this guy long ago. I don't even care who you are. Depend on!

He directly pulled Bai Jing's arm, grabbed her and pressed her to the ground, "obediently listen to the master!"

"Don't listen, don't listen!! The master can't do whatever he wants!" Bai Jing struggled furiously, even though this guy is weak, he struggled with a lot of strength, even with handcuffs and shackles, I couldn't succeed at once.

"Smelly girl, be honest, who told you to provoke me like this!"

"Why should I honestly let you toss! Why? Isn't it enough today? It's not allowed to do it once in the contract!"

"Then why don't you do it to me first, and I'll give it back to you!" I finally pressed Bai Jing's hands to the top of her head, looked at her frowning expression, disgusted look, and stuck out her tongue vigorously to make a face.

"You still want to change? Are you abusing employees? No way! Don't even think about it!" Bai Jing was pressed to the ground by me, struggling hard, and crying, "I'm here to be a maid, not to be a maid." Bed slave!"

"You...stinky girl, you are teasing me like this, and you are still so stubborn, say, how can you do it?" I knew that it would be useless to use force, so maybe I would break up at once, so I simply softened my attitude.

"Oh! You are so stupid! If you weren't my brother, I really want to terminate the contract with you. How did you get to this level? I wonder if you are bragging!"

"What do you mean? If it's someone else, do you think I'll push her forcibly!"

"You are the master, you can order me to tie you up first, tie it tightly. Then what are you going to do, what else can I do to you? Shut up, I don't care if I resist Ah! You are so stupid! You are so stupid!! I want my money back!"

"Haha, my head is hot, I really didn't expect it. Then don't move!" I looked at the rope not far away, and tying people is my specialty.

"It's no wonder I don't move, hey! I need to teach you this kind of thing, don't tell me you've never played like this before, you're just pretending."

"It is indeed not the first time to play the contract like this, but it is the first time to play master and servant." I rubbed my head, still pressing on Bai Jing.

"Then you have the nerve to charge so much money?" Bai Jing rolled her eyes at me when she heard me say this, "If I didn't see that you are still famous, I would have known that you were like this and I would not have come here!"

"If it's someone else, do you think he will respect your wishes? Have you been forcibly dealt with already?" I flicked Bai Jing's forehead with my fingers.

"Do you think I'm not prepared to be forcibly resolved by other masters?"

"You..." Speechless, this girl, doesn't she really care about this matter? But it's no wonder, if you really care, you won't find someone to play with like this. Fortunately, it fell into my hands, otherwise let me know, maybe I will be depressed for a long time.

"I don't want to talk to you anymore, brother, I just want to ask you, can we continue to play? If not, let's break up. Although... Although it is you, I am really happy, but I really want to do this well play."

"Go ahead, I probably understand the meaning." Originally, I have been in the circle for so many years, and the suitability is still very strong, "Give me one last chance?"

"Don't make any more dramas! Hmm, I have to brew up..."

"Get up first."

I stood up and supported Bai Jing, it was indeed a bit inconvenient for her to be in handcuffs and shackles. But I watched her straighten her clothes, look at me, pursed her lips, her dimples were very eye-catching. It seems she is waiting for my next order.

"Go to the kitchen and wash the dishes." I pointed to the kitchen, and Bai Jing nodded knowingly.

"Yes, master."

She walked in front, I walked behind, and they entered here together. Bai Jing quickly turned on the faucet and began to wash the tableware used today. I stood behind her and put my hand into her skirt, which was smooth and smooth. The body without a trace of cover makes me feel very refreshed.

"Master...Master...you can't do it there..." Bai Jing blushed and continued to wash the dishes, but the movements of her hands were obviously much slower, "I...still working."

"Don't stop working, I want to see if your body is being lazy." Seeing Bai Jing's words, I knew exactly what to do next.

"No, Master, Jing'er is very attentive and working very hard." With trembling hands, Bai Jing put a plate aside, picked up another bowl and was about to brush.

"Then why are you still getting hard here?" My hand has already penetrated into Bai Jing's clothes, but her inside is completely empty, and I knead her chest with my hands. The touch and sensitivity are first-class. .

"That... that is..." Bai Jing twisted her body, hoping to get rid of my restraint, but I had already hugged her tightly.

"How dare you deceive the master?" I put my head against Bai Jing's face from behind, and kissed her ear softly, "It seems that I have to teach you how to behave."

"I don't, master, Jing'er is really serious about her work." After washing all the tableware, Bai Jing also washed her hands, blushing, and looked sideways at me, "Master, please trust me..."

"Then explain to me why you are so wet."

I took my hand out of Bai Jing's crotch, and it was already covered with the irresistible mucus in Bai Jing's body.

"Ah! Master, master, I was wrong, I shouldn't be thinking wildly... But what I was thinking about was you, master." As she spoke, Bai Jing knelt down on her own initiative, raised her head, and looked at I.

"It seems that I don't want to punish you well, you don't know how to tell the truth."

"Master... Please believe me!!"

Seeing that I took the rope I had prepared in my hand, I hurriedly wanted to retreat, but I grabbed my wrist. And the corner of Bai Jing's mouth also secretly revealed a smile...

Bai Jing was crying, shouting and cooperating, so I couldn't help but move my index finger, and squeezed her breasts hard, making her accept the punishment of the master. Her hands were tied tightly behind her back, and her wrists were pulled up to a distance almost close to her neck. The rope also got into the meat.

"It hurts, it hurts, master, I was wrong, but what I thought of just now was really just you, master."

"How dare you not use honorific words for me. I can't punish you!"

"Ah!! Master... no no..."

Seeing that I picked up a cleanly washed cucumber on the chopping board... Bai Jing's face turned pale, but her arms were completely bound, and she couldn't do anything other than wriggling. resistive action. Plus now there is kneeling on the ground, buttocks raised high...

I lifted up her skirt, and the dewy garden was completely displayed in front of me, still so pink and tender. So slippery.

"Give me a good bite!"

After all, I planted this cucumber facing Bai Jing's garden... half the size of a cucumber was swallowed up in an instant. Sighing heavily, with tears in the corners of his eyes, he looked back at me...

"Okay... it hurts... umm!!"

I just took off the socks I was wearing, I just wore them for a day, so I guess they are not very dirty, eh. it should be no problem.

Just like that, Bai Jing watched as I stuffed the socks into her mouth. Then tighten with cloth strips. She coughed and vomited, but it was useless, she could only endure such insult indignantly.

Seeing that Bai Jing's body naturally repelled the cucumber and slowly pushed it out, I helped her back in with my hands. This time, Bai Jing really couldn't help it, but she couldn't cry out, she just knelt Twist her ass hard and let me know that she still resists.

"If you are loyal to the master, this thing will not fall out. Even if it comes out a little bit, if you are not loyal to the master, you will definitely find a way to get this out, right?"

After I finished speaking, I slapped Bai Jing on the face and left to look for something. And Bai Jing is really miserable now. Because if she moved her body a little, the cucumber would fall out along with the movement of her body, and her hands were tied behind her neck, so she couldn't hold it down by herself.

Hearing me slapping the table with something in the living room, she probably thought that I would come back and spank her ass, and she was even more anxious, but no matter how she wanted to clamp it, the thing just kept sliding out, Bai Jing still dare not change posture...

"Master, come back quickly, Master, Jing'er really didn't get out on purpose, Jing'er is really loyal to Master."

The expectation for me in Bai Jing's eyes is really extremely strong. And I also walked back slowly after a few minutes. Seeing that the cucumber had slipped out by about an inch, I slapped Bai Jing's butt.

"It seems that you can't do without punishment. How dare you make it out."

"Hmmmmmm!!!" Bai Jing shook her head desperately, wanting to prove her innocence, but I didn't care about her so much, I folded her feet apart and tied a rope so that she could really do nothing. Kneeling, unable to get up.

Seeing such a beautiful picture, I was so hungry and thirsty, I half-kneeled behind Bai Jing, and took out a thing specially designed to serve her... er, the little pink flower behind her.

After applying lubricating oil, I connected the beads together, wrapped in soft silicone beads, and put them on Bai Jing's place.

Slowly, push it in, and use your hands to push away this cute little pink flower of Bai Jing, letting her slowly eat this string of soft and strong beads with her body, "Stinky girl? You will know that you are not loyal to the master later." pain!"

Bai Jing shook her head, twisted her body, clenched her fists and feet tightly. I tried my best to resist this feeling, but her undefended posture only made me more and more excited, and her actions became more and more rude.

"Yeah!!!" Bai Jing tilted her head back forcefully, and I could see that she was clamping her body tightly and using contraction, hoping to stop this thing from going deep. But all in vain.

"You still dare to resist. This kind of punishment can't make you behave, so don't blame me."

To the end, Bai Jing really couldn't bear that kind of pain. She pulled her hand down desperately, hoping to stop my movement. If Bai Jing couldn't turn over if her legs were not tied apart in a kneeling position, she might have wanted to roll and run to the side.

I patted Bai Jing's butt lightly with one hand, and with the other I pulled the beaded beads on the ring outside Bai Jing's body, "Are you ready?"

Bai Jing really wanted to beg for mercy, but her mouth was stuffed with socks, she couldn't beg for mercy at all, even if she wanted to look back at me from this angle, she couldn't do it.

"Three, two..." As soon as I counted to two, I suddenly pulled this thing out of Bai Jing's body with force. It was as smooth as flowing water, with slippery mucus, and I pulled it out all at once. Bai Jing's pink little [undescribable] is still wriggling...

"Gahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!"

Bai Jing yelled to death, I could hear her cry through the socks. I rubbed it gently for her, and poked it in with my fingers a few times, but now it's extremely smooth and not so firm.

"You know how powerful the master is, do you still dare to be naughty?" I took out the sock Bai Jing was biting, and looked at Bai Jing who was gnashing her teeth and tears.

"Ah... ah... I can't take it anymore... Please don't come here for the second time... I can do whatever you want. Please...don't come again..."

"Are you ordering the master?" I shook this wet thing in front of Bai Jing a few times, "Who gave you the courage?"

"No...it's not an order, I'm begging you! Brother, this thing will really kill me." Bai Jing's face turned pale, she frowned and cried, "It hurts, it really hurts like this One more time and I might be broken."

"It's okay, if it's broken, I'll block it for you."

As I said that, I ran behind her again and held her buttocks, "Do it a few more times, you'll be fine once you get used to it."

"Don't! Don't!!! Brother, I beg you, if you have something to say, don't do it." Bai Jing now doesn't have the arrogance of calling me a rookie before. I understand that she really wants to beg me .

"Okay, listen to you. The master is very generous. Don't call me brother again, otherwise..."

"It's... Master, Jing'er... Jing'er is willing to accept punishment for doing wrong things, I just ask Master... to let it go. Jing'er can dedicate everything else to Master. I hope Master likes it."

"That's about the same. I'll see your performance before deciding whether to forgive you."

After finishing speaking, he picked up Bai Jing with one hand, brought her back to the living room, and threw it on the dining table. Put her on her back, and fix her feet and body on the table again, her crotch just level with the edge of the table. This is very convenient for me.

Bai Jing was blushing, biting her lip, she didn't dare to look at me, but closed her eyes, I squatted under her, and fiddled with her carefully... It's not bad, it's good to be young.

"Master, please use it, Jing'er can't take it anymore."

"Okay, let's try it." After finishing speaking, I finally took the initiative to unbutton my pants for the first time. That good brother couldn't bear it, so he directly pointed at Bai Jing and violently.

"Ah~~ Master is so amazing..." Bai Jing twisted her waist, and she couldn't make large movements under the binding of the rope, but she was great now. She worked hard to cooperate with my movements, whether as a sister or as a maid, she did a good job.

"Not enough, I'll punish you later!" While moving vigorously, I greedily fell on her body, stroking her body with my hands.

"Jing'er is willing to accept any punishment from the master... I beg the master not to be too gentle..."

This sentence completely ignited my reason, how can I control so much, I opened fire at Bai Jing with all my strength. Bai Jing's groans echoed in the room all the time, and my sweat stains also flowed on my body.

The more and more intimate cooperation made me and Bai Jing feel the same [undescribable], and my rude movements also made Bai Jing gasp.

"Brother~~~Hold on, bully me~ bully me hard!!!" Bai Jing's whole body was stiff, and she kept shouting, full of all her feelings and expectations for me. I knew that she had reached the level she wanted. I want it.

And the feeling that was about to come out in my body left a deep imprint on Bai Jing's body again without reservation.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh~ Brother Smelly!! You got me in again!! Lose money, lose money!!"

Bai Jing regained her composure, raised her head slightly, and looked at me. It wasn't the first time I saw that disgusting look in my eyes today.

"Accompany you, I'll wash it for you, let's continue?" I leaned on Bai Jing contentedly, and kissed her.

kissing her lips. "Are you satisfied, little princess?"

"What did you call me?" Bai Jing swiped, her face blushing, "Why do you call me little princess now? Why didn't you call me that before?"

"Don't talk nonsense." I untied Bai Jing's rope, put her down, and took off all the clothes on her body, "Go and wash, it's almost time to sleep!"

"It's only after 8 o'clock!" Bai Jing was escorted to the bathroom by me, washing her white body, "Brother, can't you do it?"

"You can't do it anymore, I'll tie you up after washing, and then I'll take you out for a stroll?"

"No! It's all agreed not to go out!" Bai Jing slowly walked out while wiping her hair and body, "Brother, actually... I'm a little tired from tossing around."

"Then why are you shouting?" I put my arms around her waist and kissed her naturally, "Why don't we just do it today?"

"It's okay, let's spend the night here?" Bai Jing looked at my studio. Although it was more homely, it was still a bit shabby, "It doesn't look like I'm going to sleep very comfortably."

"Did I tell you to sleep? Honestly, go to the room and hang on four horses for a night."

"Do you not love me anymore?" Bai Jing pinched me hard, "How can someone hang around for one night like this? There are two days left tomorrow and the day after tomorrow. You want me to die?"

"Then what do you want to do?" I shook off Bai Jing's hand, "Let's talk about it."

"Haha, of course, as brothers and sisters, let's go back to the previous relationship for a while, and I will squeeze you again!! I have wanted to do this for a long time! Well, after that, you can hang and tie if you want~"

After Bai Jing finished speaking, she took my arm, pulled me with a smile, and ran into the room...

This night's tossing has made me exhausted, and my feet are weak. Seeing Bai Jing lying next to me naked, with my hands and feet only slightly bound, her satisfied and sound sleep is really amazing. very cute. It's completely different from the usual naughty feeling.

"This guy sleeps soundly." I stroked her white temple hair with my hands, and her fair skin attracted me deeply.

"Let's go to sleep, we'll have to deal with this guy tomorrow!"

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

I turned off the light, read the novel, and then I lay down. The number of times I did it in a day today is almost more than a month, and I don't know how I got through it. I don't even know who is dealing with whom, but Bai Jing's behavior is indeed remarkable.

I kissed her on the cheek, and I also fell asleep. Everything about Bai Jing was so perfect. She was resting on my arm, and she seemed to be calling "brother, brother's."

This sweet night made me full of energy, but Bai Jing in my arms disappeared after I opened my eyes. Instead, there was a burst of aroma from the kitchen. Seeing that the time on the phone was almost ten o'clock in the morning, I just stuck out my tongue. It seemed that I was really tired and woke up too late. Ha ha.

"Brother, breakfast is ready."

Bai Jing was wearing nothing but a white apron, as if she was waiting for me to eat her anytime. I came out and saw that she had made a simple western breakfast with ingredients from the fridge, and it looked really good.

"Is it time for a truce?" I washed up and tidied up my clothes, then sat at the dining table and enjoyed the meal, "Your craftsmanship is good, little girl."

"It's okay, bro, you didn't tie me up tightly yesterday, it loosened as soon as I got up."

"It's too tight for one night and you can't stand it." I was drinking milk and eating fried eggs, and I couldn't feel too happy.

"It's okay, just tie it tight tonight, at least as long as I just can't untie it."

"become!"

We finished the meal very harmoniously. After Bai Jing cleaned up, she signaled that I could start, and I was a little anxious to wait. After all, such a beautiful body was in front of me, without any defense, waiting for me to treat her at any time. Move the rope, how can I resist...

"How do you want to deal with me today? Brother." Bai Jing put down her work and took off her apron, "Should I wear clothes?"

"No, I can't help it anymore, let's do some morning exercise first." I covered my crotch with my hands, and faced Bai Jing's appearance, I didn't even need to think about it. come over."

"You want to break the contract again?" Bai Jing put her hands behind her back and let me hang the rope around her wrists, "If this continues, not only will I not have to pay the fee, but you will also lose money to me!"

"Do you think I will still charge you?" I bound Bai Jing's hands in the Japanese style, and motioned her to sit cross-legged on the bed, "Cooperate, come! You are not a master and servant now."

"But I will make you lose money!" Bai Jing staggered, but sat still, "Are you going to tie me up cross-legged?"

"Know and ask!"

The rope was tied tightly, Bai Jing's feet were crossed in front of her, and the rope at her ankle was connected to the rope around her neck. Pull in, tie tight. It was a bit difficult for Bai Jing to even raise her head, but she seemed to enjoy it.

"It's so comfortable to touch!"

I kneaded Bai Jing's [undescribable] hanging under her body with my hands. It was not covered at all, and it completely made me pinch and have no way to resist. It is white and tender, smooth and soft, and I can't help but hold the pair of meat dumplings tightly with both hands!

"Ah! Take it easy!"

Drag Bai Jing back from behind, let her lean on the bed, this posture is amazing, it was invented for the suffering of such a beautiful girl!

The current Bai Jing can't do anything except let me take a good look at it, blushing her cheeks, making her stop looking at me, she knows what I will do, but she can't think of it, I will lick her with my tongue first... …

"Hey!! Don't!! I'm ticklish!! Ahhhh!"

"Don't worry, it won't itch anymore..."

I moved my head closer to Bai Jing, and moved my tongue up and down repeatedly on her sensitive places, especially the top of the flower buds. I even kissed her with my mouth, and then sucked gently...

"Ahhhhh~~~ How could you be like this...ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Bai Jing's fists were already clenched, and the soles of her feet were also stretched straight. I could see that she was struggling to resist this feeling.

"I'm here~ Xiao Nizi!"

After all, I untied the trouser chain and pointed it at Bai Jing's garden, which was already full of excitement, and gave her a step-by-step...

………………

…………

...

"Ha...ha...brother...how did you take so long this time?" Bai Jing was still tied cross-legged, but she was already snuggled into my arms behind me, "I think the taste of coming here has changed a bit this time. You just want to experience the feeling of being imprisoned for three days, but you are likely to give me three days in a down-to-earth manner."

"There's no way. It's better if you don't do this kind of thing. Once you do it, you can't stop it."

"Well, brother, do you think this is okay? You can tie me up later, and then you go out, even if you go downstairs and stand, don't be by my side. Otherwise, I will feel a little nervous when I see you. Haha, I can't help it!"

"Placing it by force? It's okay, what kind of binding method do you want?" I kept touching and kissing Bai Jing.

"Do you still need to ask? Of course, it is the super-tight four-horse placement that is more enjoyable." Bai Jing became excited as she spoke, "Just find any place, just throw me like an object. Then half a Come and see if I'm still alive. If I don't hang up, just ignore me. If I hang up, just bury me."

"Don't worry, I can't bear to bury you!"

After all, he untied Bai Jing and started preparations with her, a yoga mat, a pile of small hemp ropes, harness gags, eye masks, and two testicles, one long and one short. and new durable batteries.

"Okay, it's right here." Bai Jing chose a small corner in the corner of the living room. The view here is not bad, basically you can see the whole picture of the room.

Bai Jing dragged the yoga mat by herself and put it on, then smiled at me again, "Brother, what are you waiting for? Are you waiting to receive the award? Hurry up and do it!"

Only then did I remember that I ran over in a hurry, because admiring the naked Bai Jing has already made me very satisfied.

According to what she said, the hands were straight and the arms were tied together at the elbows, the shoulders and chest were also tied tightly, the wrists were still tied around the waist, and the thighs, calves, knees, and ankles of both feet were all tied side by side in a "8" shape. Although she was still standing, Bai Jing was almost like a human stick.

"Haha, it turns out that your technique is also good, it's so tight, I can't move at all!"

"Do not talk nonsense!"

I supported Bai Jing to get down slowly, lying in the middle of the mat, "feet!"

Bai Jing obediently put her feet up in front of me. I pulled her ankles to the back of her neck and pulled them back tightly so that her shoulders could barely touch the mat. Lift back up.

"Enough is enough, my bones are going to break!"

"You're the one who talks too much nonsense!" I tied the knot, stood up and looked at Bai Jing at my feet with satisfaction, "Hmm, I think you can still be naughty!"

"Brother, you tied me up like this, I think you can still stuff me in! It's so unprofessional!"

"!!"

I rely on! It's really getting more and more anxious! The two long and short eggs are still with her, but I can't untie them for her! And the strands haven't been tied...that's stupid...

And with her tied like this, there is still a gap for me, I don't even know.

"I don't care, it can't be untied anyway, you have to figure out a way!" At this time, Bai Jing became as angry as me.

However, fortunately, this guy is slender, and there is still a gap between his thighs. I saw. Although tied side by side, there is still a distance of one finger.

"Yeah! It's itchy! Don't scratch me!"

Bai Jing's feet moved suddenly, but she knew it right away, I didn't scratch her, but groped for her, aiming those two naughty things at her body.

"Is this okay?? Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"

She didn't even pay attention to her, and directly stuffed her in, one front and one back, just right, put in a new battery, turned on the switch to the maximum, Bai Jing's body trembled a bit, but apart from clenching her fists and soles of her feet, she There is nothing left to do.

"Brother... ah! No, master... that's how it feels, so comfortable!! Give me a bite, and you can go, half... ah ah~~ half an hour..."

Before she could finish speaking, my gag was already in her mouth. The blindfold is on, the mouth of the harness is stuffed under the chin, and the back of the head is fastened. This looks great. It looked cute before, but it is definitely sexy now!

After confirming the safety, I kissed Bai Jing's forehead lightly, signaling to her that I was ready to go out.

And Bai Jing was already very excited at this time, although the rope was really very strong, and she couldn't untie it in her life, but this was what she wanted.

Seeing that Bai Jing was dripping with sweat, and her feet were constantly rubbing, I simply tied her soles and toes together with a rope, but considering the long-term storage, the toes were not tied too tightly up.

"Uh...uh..." Bai Jing's moan was like a life-threatening talisman. I guess I can't help but use my hands to solve it.

"Jing'er, I'm going out, I'll be back in an hour."

I patted Bai Jing's face and doubled the time for her without permission. I could see that Bai Jing was very anxious, because ordinary people might not be able to stand this kind of bondage for fifteen minutes, but she had to persist for an hour ...

But the moment I closed the door and left, I was so excited. The excitement of Jinwu Zangjiao made me completely forget that I didn't even have my own keys with me.

And Bai Jing in the room didn't know the situation at all, just focused on experiencing the absolute time that belonged to her, and the long-awaited tight placement...

"It's over..." I touched my pocket, shit, it was empty, just a mobile phone, "Key, no way."

Suddenly cold sweat came down. With Bai Jing tied up like that, it would be great if he could hold on for thirty minutes. Now that the door can't be opened, there is absolutely no way for her to save herself... What should I do? ? I had to go home and get a spare key. But, really left her here alone?

No, now is not the time to think about this issue, I hope someone at home is here, otherwise I won't be able to get the key when I go back.

This is the first time I have forgotten my keys! I'm so pissed off, I've had similar experiences before, why don't I have a long memory? ? Instead of thinking slowly here, it is better to start now.

Fortunately, the phone is on him, otherwise he will die. I called home, confirmed that someone was there, went out immediately, and took a taxi! ! Come home, all in one go! But no matter how fast it was, it took nearly an hour to go back and forth. And it's so hard to die, I just came to the house on the surface and said that I need to find me.

"Brother~" I've been waiting for you for a long time, but you didn't reply when I sent a message!

Chongzi (my cousin, Bai Jing's best friend) I don't know why this guy came here for nothing, anyway, Bai Jing was brought down by her. Seeing that I was leaving soon, she held me tight.

"You haven't made an appointment with me for a long time!!" Chongzi dragged me back to the room and sat on my bed, "Come with me later~ I want you to be tied up."

"I'm not free, silly girl." I guessed, now it's almost thirty minutes, Bai Jing may have reached the limit long ago, but I can't push this guy away.

"Then don't think about tying me up for the rest of your life." The bug didn't have much room for negotiation, so he picked up his bag and left. I immediately grabbed her again.

"Oh, I'll tie you up when I get back, okay? I'll go out and do some errands first."

"Take me with you! I can wait for you!" The bug would not back down anyway, and I have nothing to do with her. Another five minutes passed by. It's okay for me to waste time here, but for Bai Jing, who should have reached her limit by now, it's not too much to live like a year. Plus it will take me so long to go back.

"Forget it, come on! Let's go together! Let's go now." Looking at this guy, I can no longer talk anymore, anyway, she was the one who brought Bai Jing into the circle, so let's just take her there together. He also tied her first, and the three of them explained together.

After taking the keys, we rushed to the studio immediately, and it had been an hour and ten minutes by this time. I don't know if Bai Jing is dead or not. I asked Chongzi to wait downstairs for a while. She didn't know that this was my studio, so she insisted on going up with me, saying that I must have been dating without telling her.

"Wait a minute, can you?" I stood at the door, looking at Chongzi's unwillingness to avoid her, I really wanted to hit her, "Just one."

"Oh! Do you think I don't know that Bai Jing is in there? She sent a message to tell me a long time ago!" Chongzi kicked me hard, "You will come to the house to get the key, so nervous, you must have tied her inside Can't you get in, and you still have to hide it?"

"Well……"

In one sentence, I am speechless, why can't you just say it right from the beginning? I was delayed for at least half an hour. Now that I know everything, why delay the time on purpose? ?

"Did you feel distressed? Brother?" Chong Zi smiled and pointed at the keyhole, "I just wanted her to tie it up more on purpose to piss her off! Who told her to come to you directly instead of me!"

"You bastard!!"

I didn't say any more, and immediately opened the door and ran in. Inside, Bai Jing was soaked and dried up so many times that she was completely still.

Even when I walked up to her, she didn't move at all. Shouldn't it really hang up? When Chongzi saw that Bai Jing was bound by such a four-horse horse, he was also startled.

, she always thought it was just an ordinary bundle. If she knew this was the case from the beginning, she probably wouldn't mess around.

"Xiao Nizi, are you dead?" I shook Bai Jing, who was already as angry as a gossamer, and this guy turned his head slightly. I waved to Chong Zi, motioning her to come and tie the rope together, but she said, "Who is there?" Whoever is tied will untie it."

It was hard for Bai Jing to be freed, and the deep red rope marks on her body slowly turned purple in an instant. She must have been struggling for a long, long time, those two things stopped moving a long time ago, Bai Jing lay on the ground, motionless, when I undid her gag and blindfold, I could see a trace of her mouth overflowing. traces of blood.

"Don't you get some water for them?" The bug kicked me, but he just stood by and watched, and didn't help.

Bai Jing slowly opened her eyes when she heard the sound of the bug, but she had already lost almost all her mobility. I was so tired that my whole body was numb and I couldn't move my fingers. After I fed her a little water, she coughed twice and recovered.

"You...you still know...come back..." The limp Bai Jing leaned against me, her white skin had already been strangled, but she still couldn't hide her sexiness.

"Sorry, I forgot to bring the key, it took me a while." I hugged her tightly, as if no one was there, "I'll take you to the room to have a rest."

"Yes... yes, but you... don't be... me anymore. Let me sleep...for a while."

Nodding, my princess picked up Bai Jing, brought her into the room, threw her on the bed, let her have a good rest, and just wiped her body. I walked out the door and saw the bug who looked down on me. He raised his middle finger to me.

"What are you doing to me, old dog!" Chongzi scolded me a few times, and told me to pay attention, after all, it's her best friend, and it's not good to do too many things.

"I know, by the way, do you still want to tie it?" I pointed to the rope on the ground and looked at her, "How about giving you an extreme experience?"

"I'm not interested. I'm going back. I'll come here to find you if I have an idea in the future. Take good care of her."

After all, the bug ignored me and ran away. It made me extremely embarrassed, why do you say you have to come? Now Bai Jing also knows that you are here, and I can't hide the matter between me and her. It's better for you, just pat your butt and leave.

"Bang" the door closed. I am also speechless,

"Brother! Come here!" Bai Jing heard that the bug was gone, and immediately sat up and called me, "Come here quickly!"

"Hey? You didn't sleep? Why did you suddenly feel refreshed?" I sat on the edge of the bed and stroked Bai Jing's hair, "Did you just pretend?"

"Nonsense! But it's really uncomfortable to be tied up. Why did you bring her here?" Bai Jing gritted her teeth and looked at me, and pinched my arm with you, "Let her see how embarrassing I am?"

"She said you told her you were here, and I went back to get the key, but she insisted on coming, or she wouldn't let me go."

"Do you think there is something wrong with me? You will tell her when you come here? Why don't you tell the whole world that I am here to be tied up by you? Stupid!" Bai Jing couldn't bear to slap me hard, "Are you out of your mind? ?”

"This guy actually lied to me!" I was also a little annoyed, thinking about the feeling of being fooled, I was really upset.

"I don't care, you let her see me like this, you have to call her back and let her accompany me to finish the rest of the time, or I will sue you."

"I asked her just now and she was rejected."

"Then I will file a report."

"Don't!!!"

There is no way, the two women can play together, I can only call Chongzi honestly, ask her to come back, and say that Bai Jing wants to have a good chat with her. She was stunned for a while, and then agreed.

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

According to what I discussed with Bai Jing, I will simply tie Bai Jing up first, but the kind that can be untied by myself. When Chongzi came, Bai Jing proposed to let Chongzi be tied together, and then I went out for a while, and she broke free from the rope and bullied Chongzi, so that she could feel balanced in her heart. I have no choice but to agree. Bai Jing hugged my neck happily and kissed me.

After a while, the bugs came, and Bai Jing was bound by me again and thrown on the bed. Of course, at this time, her wrist was tied with a slipknot, which she could easily untie.

"Why are you playing and calling me here?" Chongzi walked into the room and snorted angrily. "Let me watch your performance, do you want to hurt me?"

"Are you still jealous of your cousin? Anyway, you saw it, so come and tie me up together! You haven't been with me for a long time." Bai Jing smiled and twisted her body, and pointed her foot at the bug Stretched twice.

"You say I'm jealous when you're naked? Do you want me to undress in front of my cousin too? Bah! I won't be crazy with you!"

"Okay, bug, you want to play anyway, so just tie it up like this." I also persuaded, "I'll go out after the tie-up is over, and the two of you can have a good chat."

"It's not that I haven't talked, forget it, if you want to be tied up, let you be tied up, but don't think about doing anything to me, or I will be angry." Chongzi actually likes to be tied up, and today he really wants to come. I played it, and now it's not bad to say yes half-heartedly.

Watching the bug take off his coat and put his shoes and socks aside. Wearing this white shirt and miniskirt, she is also very cute with bare feet. I tied a four horse for her in two or three strokes, and the worm twisted a bit, and after confirming that he couldn't move, he signaled that I could get out.

"Don't worry, let me check if your rope is tied tightly."

I turned Chongzi's body from side to side to confirm that she could no longer untie herself, and walked to Bai Jing in satisfaction. Seeing that my back was facing Chongzi, Bai Jing gave me a very satisfied look, signaling that I could She walked away, probably she is still imagining how to let the worms experience her helplessness just now.

I turned Bai Jing down and brought her a horse. Of course, Bai Jing followed. Anyway, her wrists were not tied tightly. As soon as I left, she twisted her hands and she could untie everything. The bug would be miserable. .

"It's okay here, just tighten it up for you." In other words, how could I let my cousin fall into your hands because of me? Usually, it's your business to play, so don't both of you try to run away tonight!

"Brother, what are you doing?!" Bai Jing suddenly felt that my wrists were completely tied tightly, and she became nervous for a moment, but she didn't dare to say anything, so she could only turn her head and look at me fiercely, "It hurts me!"

"Haha, want to frame me? Do you think I don't know my brother?" Chongzi lay on the ground and looked at Bai Jing with a smile, "He won't let me pass the two of us. You can't run away, and I can't run away either. .”

"You knew it from the beginning?" Bai Jing struggled hard, but it was useless. The rope was tied tightly, and she could no longer untie it.

"You don't even think about how many years I've been playing with my brother, his little thoughts have already been written on his face." Chongzi said about her and me as if no one else was there, "Okay, now I'm on a horse too, There is no one to save us, just wait for death."

"You two hateful guys! Wow! Let me go!" Bai Jing struggled hard, as if she had fallen into her own trap, "Brother, you broke the contract! Lose money!!"

"Brother, I see that you signed a contract with her. I might as well sign one with you. Haha, if you want to play, just order it thoroughly. Remember to give me pocket money~" Chongzi took it calmly, after all, she is my cousin, and I can't do anything to her . At her request, I also signed this prison contract with her. But the deadline is the same as Bai Jing, tomorrow night.

"Haha, I'm now your maid, bro, do you have any more clothes? Give me a set, and I'll put on yours and tie them up~"

"Okay." I took out the new clothes in the closet, threw them in front of the worm, and untied the rope for her, and she ran to the next door to toss by herself.

"It's not fair! Why is she allowed to wear clothes, but I want to be naked? Untie it for me too, and I want to wear clothes too!" Bai Jing yelled alone, but her eyes showed excitement and excitement. excited.

"You won't sue me?" I stroked Bai Jing's head, "Don't you want me to lose money?"

"Put your ears close, and I'll tell you again." Bai Jing pouted, looking at me with pitiful eyes, "Hurry up."

"Say." I'm not afraid of her biting me, after all, she's tied up, and if she dares to take me, she'll be miserable.

"As long as you love me more than bugs today, brother, the previous ones will be written off..."

Haha, the blessing of Qiren is nothing more than that. Looking at these two cute little guys in front of me, wearing the same style of maid outfits, kneeling in front of me very well, one is holding a rope, the other is holding a gag, this kind of surrender to the master makes me feel Sitting on the sofa, looking at these two guys left and right, I stretched out my hand and took the two gags in Bai Jing's hand.

"Open your mouth." Bai Jing walked up to me on her knees, obedient and obedient, this black gag suits her very well, she lifted her hair up and asked me to put it on for her, those big clear eyes made me I feel very comfortable.

"Hmm..." Bai Jing saw that I had fastened the gag, so she stepped back a little, and let the worm come forward. She took the rope from the worm, and the worm also raised her hair, asking me to put this The pink gag ball was pushed into her mouth. Fasten the back of your head,

Chongzi couldn't help laughing all the time, probably not quite used to the feeling of being in the play.

The two little girls put gags on and came over together, lying on my knees and stroking my thighs. I... my thing went up all of a sudden. Damn, it's too exciting.

"Hmph!" Bai Jing glanced at the bug with her eyes, made a provocative look, then grabbed my thing and fiddled with it up and down, right?

ah ah! ! Xiao Nizi, you can do this to my face, but the bug is a little at a loss, after all, she can't treat me like this...

Bai Jing, who felt that she was superior, bit her gag and showed a weird smile...

Then, the two girls turned their backs to me, knelt on the ground, put their hands on their backs, and waited for me to tie them up. Since they are two sisters, let's have the same style.

Although I'm not used to it yet, it's much better than many novices. The hands of the two girls were hung high on the back of their necks, so that they could only hold their heads high and look at each other while biting their gags. It was as if they were jealous of each other.

After the upper body was tied up, I took them to the back room, where there were two steel pipes, one of which tied Bai Jing kneeling here. These two steel pipes have other uses. That is the organ that can pull a rope in the middle.

The two guys saw that I was skillfully knotting the rope section by section, and then tied one end to the steel pipe at their waists, and the other end to the other side. There was not much room for flexibility, and then I measured it. It was about 4 meters in length. I tied a knot with red silk in the middle of the rope, and they couldn't figure out what I was going to do.

"Come here."

Tie Bai Jing and Chongzi to this walking rope respectively, tighten their thighs and knees, then pull them back to a position close to the steel pipe, tie their hands to the steel pipe, and tell them that they are tied with slipknots. Whoever can untie the rope first and walk to the red silk position will win, and the people under him will be hanged here honestly or hanged by four horses for an hour.

Both Bai Jing and Chongzi stared at me fiercely, never expecting that I would come up with such a bad idea, but after all, both of them are tied, and only I can make the decision. If you want to beat me again, you must first regain your freedom. There is no way, the two angry people began to find a way to untie the rope between the wrist and the steel pipe.

However, the bug is still superior. After all, he knows my rope very well, and he grasped the key point at once. Although the arms cannot move, it is no problem to move the feet forward slowly. In this way, the worm released itself from the steel pipe in less than a minute. Bai Jing was very anxious when she saw it, she didn't even feel where the knot was.

"Yeah!!" Chongzi usually plays with me, mainly pure binding, mostly scratching and so on. After all, she is a cousin, so it is impossible to involve too much. This time it is an exception, although she is also very aware of this play, but shouldn't do it with me. But this time she didn't care.

Enduring the feeling of the knots pressing her body one by one, the worm's feet slowly moved forward. I specially pulled the rope tighter and the knots were bigger. Every step the worm took was a torment... I think Sweat dripped down her forehead.

And the bug is actually very advantageous because she walks forward, the rope will be pressed down, and the rope on Bai Jing's side will be slightly raised, but the stimulation will be stronger, and Bai Jing is like a dead fish Hanging on the steel pipe, I can't move at all. That knot already made her anxious.

Seeing that the worms were about to move forward by one meter, Bai Jing still couldn't untie the rope, and I could see that the worms were already dead, and Bai Jing's grinding on the spot was actually much more stimulating. Frowning and closing her eyes, she seemed to want to give up, but it was so boring. I walked behind Bai Jing and helped her untie the rope. Signaling her to start, Bai Jing saw Buddha-like eyes at that moment, and was very grateful to me.

Chongzi basically has the chance to win, so it doesn't matter that I cheated Bai Jing, and continued to move forward, but Bai Jing suddenly felt as if he was being beaten, and rushed forward without any concern about whether he could bear it. He looked terrified.

But two people walking on the same strand at the same time, the stimulation and pressure are quite great. But after all, the worm has already gone halfway, and there are still three or four knots to reach the finish line. Basically, it is a safe victory, but Bai Jing still has a long way to go. Seeing that she is doomed. Bai Jing was so reckless that she suddenly squatted down hard...

The weight of her body was directly on the walking rope, and she saw that when the worm's crotch had just eaten a knot, she did so, and the worm's tears of pain were left behind. Bai Jing was prepared, and she didn't press on the knot. Of course, the impact she received was much smaller, but this kind of approach of killing a thousand enemies and hurting herself a thousand is really not advisable.

But this time, the worm was completely unable to move, probably because of the excruciating pain, if it wasn't for biting the gag, it probably would have cursed out. How can there be such a thing, it will be broken! In fact, I also despise Bai Jing's hand, but it feels very exciting. The bug can only stand helplessly, clamping his legs and watching Bai Jing walk to the finish line, and then leans limply on me who walked over .

After picking up the two guys, Chongzi looked at me tearfully, biting the gag, I knew she was crying for pain. But... I can't rub her for her. Instead, Bai Jing looked at her with triumphant eyes again, enjoying the happiness in my arms.

It took a while before the worm came back, panting heavily, and the pain didn't hurt much. I unplugged them, drank some water and took a rest.

"Bai Jing!! Remember it! It hurt me to death! It's shameless!" Chongzi kicked Bai Jing viciously, and Bai Jing hid away with a smile, and stuck out her tongue.

"If you have the ability, you can treat me like this~ hahaha~"

"you……"

"Don't be naughty, you lost, tell me, do you want to hang on the four horses or hang on again?" Bai Jing whistled, with a completely mocking look, "Brother, do it!"

"Whatever, four horses. But, you really left me here alone?"

"Why don't you leave you here if you lose, my brother and I went to have fun. I'll tell you how I feel when I come back~"

"Bah, shameless!"

These two guys sprayed each other as if I didn't exist. It seems that their relationship is really good. But if you lose

I lost, Chongzi stood obediently on the hanging basket beside her, and let me hang her strong horse in the air, shaking it, when I just took out the gag ball and was about to stuff it into her mouth, This guy said he wanted to whisper something to me and asked me to put my ear close to him.

Why do girls like this now? But it doesn't matter, I held Chongzi's head and put my ear to her mouth. This guy underestimated a few words, which made me look at her with embarrassment. She also blushed and motioned me to put Bai Jing first Throw it out.

"Wow! Brother, what are you doing!" I picked up Bai Jing and threw her back on the sofa in the living room. She was not allowed to get up, otherwise she would be severely punished. Of course she didn't care, she just tied her up and took a rest.

"Bug, tell me, do you really want me to... make this thing for you?" I held the vibrating little egg on the ground and looked at the bug unquestionably.

"Oh! Don't look at it, just put it in, otherwise I'll be bored to death if I hang like this for an hour!"

"This...is really embarrassing!"

"Stop rambling! We took a bath together when we were kids! Hurry up! I can't help it! Old man!"

No way, according to her request, I stuffed this thing in for her. Of course, I stuffed it with my eyes closed, otherwise I would be shy, after all, I am a cousin.

As soon as the remote control was turned on, Chongzi's body shook, bit his lip, and looked at me with a blushing face, "Ah~~"

I also fastened her gag, patted her face, and told her that the punishment had officially started counting, she nodded, and closed her eyes to swing.

Bai Jing was also brought in by me. When she saw the wire extending from Chongzi's crotch and the remote control pinned to her waist, she was stunned. She didn't expect that I would actually do this.

"Haha... Brother, you let me watch this, do you want to silence me?" Bai Jing's begging smile made me put her on the ground, and I moved the other hanging basket to face the worm, I hoisted Bai Jingye up.

"Hey! Brother, I won! Why do I have to hang it up too? No... don't let it go... ah!"

I also stuffed Bai Jing with the same type of thing as the worm. When I turned on the remote control, she also started to shake. The two girls looked at each other, and Bai Jing bit her gag back.

"Winning is winning, but according to the contract, you should hang around until dinner~"

"!!"

Bai Jing twisted her body vigorously to protest, but nothing worked. I shook the two girls slightly to ensure that they would not bump into each other, and let them hang up like this on a four-horse horse to swing.

The protesting groans of the two girls continued, but I, very satisfied, slapped their buttocks. Go to the door.

"Feel it well, tomorrow~ but there is still the last day~"

Close the door, walk into the living room, reminisce about the scene just now, it's really great, I don't know if they will renew the contract after tomorrow~ Haha, it's really worth looking forward to. However, I have to take a break, otherwise I'm afraid I won't be able to beat them.

In the dream, the two hanging girls were jealous of each other and struggled repeatedly to untie them, but it was futile. They could only wait for me to release them after waking up~ and this feeling is really great~ great! !

Let's think about how to toss them both tomorrow~haha~