//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

"Honey, are you sure you want to perform this escape magic trick?"

Fang Ling looked at the stack of manuscripts in her hand. It described in detail a very dangerous but wonderful escape magic trick. I heard that it was a magic trick performed by a magician who had lived in seclusion back then. This trick is simply an eye-opener. . However, because of a magic accident, fortunately it was discovered in time, so it did not continue and no casualties were caused. But after that, this magic was sealed by her. I don't know where Meng Jie found this manuscript, and there is a magician's seal on it, the authenticity cannot be doubted.

"Yes, if using this magic trick can save our group's survival crisis, then I am willing to perform it. And the escape magic tricks I created myself, others have long been tired of seeing them, haven't they?"

"That's too dangerous, isn't the leader allowed you to do this?" Fangling couldn't help admiring seeing her best friend so determined. Although the leader is her benefactor, this magic trick is really not a joke , Once there is a problem, it is a big problem. To be able to do this for the group leader, the relationship between Meng Jie and the group leader must not be as simple as just repaying favors.

"Actually, the leader and I have studied it. The biggest problem with this magic lies in the people who cooperate." Meng Jie took back the manuscript and began to read it bit by bit.

"How do you say it?" After Fang Ling heard this, she became interested and took a stool and sat down.

"It's like this, you see, the general escape magic uses more imprisoned items, not to mention the extreme ones, but most of them are mainly locks. As long as you have a key, you have a chance to escape. of."

Fangling is also a person who is proficient in magic. Of course, she understands the meaning of these words. But what she wants to hear more is what follows. Mengjie pretended to be mysterious for a while, and continued, "However, in this magic trick, the magician is tied up with a rope. And all the binding details will be played continuously. All the knots on the body will be knotted, And look at this binding method."

Meng Jie turned the book to the back of the manuscript, where there were very detailed diagrams drawn on it, and Fang Ling listened intently, "This kind of tortoise armor binding, the upper half of the back hands and the binding method of the four horses' hooves, and this kind of In almost three-point swimwear, the palms have to be completely wrapped with tape, and the toes have to be tied together and pulled to the waist. This kind of binding can be said to cut off all the self-help options of the tied person. It cannot be unraveled by one's own ability."

"That's right, and you have to put people into the box. Although the box can be easily opened from the inside, you have to sink the box into the water after all. In this way, even if you are given a pair of scissors within one minute, you can It’s impossible to escape by yourself, no! I don’t agree with you acting like this.” Fang Ling was really speechless to Meng Jie, a best friend, this is not courting death, let alone a minute in the water, it is a lifetime on the shore for you, I guess you I can't untie this bondage myself.

"Listen to me. Didn't the great magician succeed many times? In fact, this magic is really not difficult, but very simple. It has nothing to do with the escaped person, but has a lot to do with the cooperating person."

"Why?" Fang Ling really couldn't figure it out, how could the cooperating people still do small tricks in full view? This kind of binding, even if it is loosened by 30%, cannot be untied casually.

"The point is the minute between closing the box and putting the box in the water! Do you understand?"

"Ah! That's right, at that time, the box must have a blind spot that the camera couldn't see, and then the assistant opened the side of the box at this time... But it's not right, you can't see anything in the box, and your hands are also covered In this way, it’s useless for me to give you scissors.”

"Don't you know how to cut all the ropes on my hands? The box is so big, I have a good room for movement, and some waterproof lights can be installed in the box, so that I can cut all the ropes in 1 minute before going into the water. The rope is broken, and when the box hits the water, I hold my breath and come out."

"But your hands are still completely covered, how do you deal with this?" Fang Ling was also a little excited when she heard it. After all, this kind of magic, if deciphered, is a pediatrics. As long as you cooperate properly, there is no danger at all, "Ah, By the way, I get it."

"Haha, that's right. Cut some tape lines in advance. One of the hands only wraps around. I tried it. The fingers can be easily removed, and then it will come off with one hand. You cut the wrist and the wrist for me. After the rope on my body, put the scissors in the palm of my hand, and when I lift the box, I stand on stage while attracting the attention of the audience, give me a minute, I may have cut all the ropes and I can take a rest."

"The theory is true, but have you actually tried it?"

"Of course I tried it, no problem. I came here today because I want you to rehearse with everyone, remove the part of getting into the water, and see if I can escape smoothly."

"No problem!! I'll be your assistant!"

"That's what I mean~"

………………

…………

...

The sisters found the head of the group and some staff members in the group, and prepared to rehearse the magic trick again. This time, according to all the regular performance modes, all the lights and cameras were in place, and they were projected on the big screen, watching everyone busy before and after. , Fang Ling and Meng Jie were also very nervous, because this magic trick seemed extremely dangerous, but in fact it was very flexible. Now it was the hope of the whole group to break through the bottleneck, and it could not fail.

"Mengjie, Fangling, you must pay attention to safety. If it really doesn't work, we will give up this magic." The head of the group saw these two girls who were brought up by himself, of course he was not happy. He was old and the affairs of the group I don't have that much energy to manage it. Now, apart from relying on their younger generation, I can only take a back seat to the second line.

"Don't worry, leader, didn't you try it many times before? But it's a waste of your rope, haha." Meng Jie smiled and asked Fang Ling to get ready, and the official start began.

What the magic wants to achieve is the visual effect. Whether a magic is good or bad is often not the result. It is the process of the performer. For a young and beautiful girl like Mengjie, she can wear such a beautiful swimsuit in front of the audience, and be pitifully bundled up and boxed by her best friend. In fact, she has rehearsed countless times for such a scene. For her who has been exposed to escape magic, the kind of excitement in her heart for escaping in magic, especially the escape magic that is life-threatening to a certain extent, is simply indescribable.

Every time I was sweating profusely, I was extremely excited. This time I found the manuscript of this reclusive magician. Even if it was not for the honor of the group, she would definitely challenge this difficult magic. Because she prefers soft rope to cold chains.

Being tied up every inch of my body with a rope, this kind of immoral [undescribable] is indescribable, and in front of so many people, it will be uploaded on the Internet, so that people can watch their shame As for the nervous look, thinking of this, Meng Jie's crotch gradually became wet.

In fact, Mengjie still has a secret, that is, sometimes she performs a simple escape magic show. In order to increase the feeling of her body, she even secretly inserts a remote control thing into her body. When the magic started, the strong stimulation brought by the vibration was definitely stronger than usual. Because she not only has to resist such [undescribable], but also quickly let herself escape from danger, and such [undescribable] will organize her thoughts of escaping psychologically and spiritually.

The more dangerous, the more exciting. If this magic trick can be successful, then, under such a bondage, if you secretly get something to stuff into it, wouldn't it be... Haha, it's too exciting? Just being so slowly tied up in front of everyone and gradually losing freedom is already very embarrassing and exciting, ah, it seems that if you become more proficient in this magic, then you can... just...

"Mengjie, don't laugh, it's a simulated official performance now!" Fangling reminded in a low voice, her level of binding is very high, after all, as an assistant, she often practices various magic tricks and has learned it long ago A superb binding technique. Basically, all kinds of binding, as long as you tell her how to bind, she can do it at her fingertips.

"Sorry, I can't help being excited when I think of success and the sense of accomplishment."

"You..."

Fangling put Mengjie's hands behind her back, tightly tied the Avalokitesvara, and then wrapped her hands together with static tape. Of course, as I said before, the tape for one of her hands has actually been cut. There is a hole, and this is on the side of the hand and the back of the heart, so the blind angle camera cannot see it.

Mengjie tried it, and there was indeed a lot of room for movement. This thing replaced the rope, which meant that her hands and palms were not tied at all. Fangling made a circle for Mengjie in front of the camera. This kind of performance has always been a practice in the troupe, because a magic trick cannot be ended simply. It must have a long prelude and performance, especially the finale of magic.

After checking the tortoise shell binding and binding of hands for Meng Jie, Meng Jie took the initiative to stand in this big wooden box, which is the key to the performance. Tie Mengjie's feet tightly together, the four horses are tight, the beautiful white tender feet are still struggling in the air, Fangling grabs these pair of tender feet, and binds Mengjie's toes with a short rope , and then connect the toes to the rope on Mengjie's waist. This way of tying, without scissors, it is really possible that you will not be able to untie it for the rest of your life.

"It's a great and comfortable binding method!! Let Fangling try it for me in private next time!" Thinking this way, the lid on Meng Jie's head closed, and she is now in a state of complete imprisonment, without any ties at all. There is no way to move, but the moment the lid is closed, all the lights in the box are on. Mengjie called other performers to come over to help lift up the box, and then she opened a secret door on the side of the dead corner of the box...

"Haha, it's really convenient." AA thought to herself, seeing BB turned around and smiled at herself in the box, AA also understood that this magic trick was not as dangerous as imagined. Scissors, pretending to move the box with everyone, walked to the pool, but in fact, her hands were cutting the rope for BB.

She is so virtuous that she doesn't even need to look at it with her eyes. She can tell how the rope is tied by the feel of her hand. She looks directly at the audience and uses two things with one mind. She has cut off the ropes of BB's hands and feet before taking a few steps. It's all over the place. Then return the scissors to BB, so that she can find a way to cut the remaining ropes that prevent her from escaping.

Of course, now his hands are completely free, and the ropes of his feet have been cleaned up so that there is basically no hindrance to him. The pool is only as high as the box. As long as he can stand up, the magic is complete. The feet are also free, so the degree of completion of magic will be higher!

Seeing that BB was freed easily, AA ignored her, and together with other people, they pretended to lift the box to the pool. Of course, the pool was dry. Then, put the box down, and we all went together again. After performing around the box for a while, as the music raised the atmosphere to the highest level, everyone finally calmed down and put the box containing the free BB on a platform in the pool, and slowly sank to worship the river god.

When the box reached the bottom of the pool, which took a few seconds, BB opened the box from the inside with a free attitude, raised his hands high, smiled happily, and cast a strong light. The successful sound effect ignited the atmosphere in the venue to the highest point. Everyone including the team leader, if they didn't know the inside from the beginning, they probably wouldn't be able to see Ni Duan for the time being. There is no danger in this magic trick, as long as the cooperation is in place, they can go on stage!

Everyone cheered unanimously, and everyone even saw the glorious reappearance of the magic troupe. However, this magic did not disappoint everyone. In the following tour performances, this finale magic received unanimous praise from everyone. It was not only a visual feast of binding, but also the concerted efforts of all members of the magic troupe to complete the finale performance. As well as the continuation of the legendary magician who has become the focus, the magic troupe has achieved unprecedented brilliant achievements.

Everyone finally got a lot of rewards from the problem of food and clothing. The value of the team members has also risen with the tide, and the team leader is even more proud, especially BB. There are already many, many colleagues who want to offer high prices to recruit people, but BB doesn't care about these, because All she wanted was to stay in the regiment, by the side of the regiment leader...

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

However, her good partner AA was left out in the cold. Because she is very clear, in fact, BB is just a performance, to really ensure her safety, the person who is busy is herself, and the person who has worked hard behind her is now like a shadow, no one remembers her, even though she has a lot of money , but she faintly felt that BB, the pillar of the regiment, no longer had the same intimacy with her as before, and BB and the leader she liked got closer and closer, and even once, AA saw BB holding the leader's hand Arms, the two entered the hotel room together...

"Damn it, I can also change this magic trick. You didn't do anything at all! You just got tied up and stood up, but I was so nervous the whole time! To protect your safety, you can't let others see it. You are tired and you have paid a lot, but no one remembers me! The head of the team... You actually robbed him from me!"

The meal and the glass of wine tonight were extremely bitter. Here, AA saw BB and the team leader coming out of the hotel arm in arm, her heart was broken. The leader is too eccentric, obviously he and BB are following you at the same time, why do you just spoil her alone? Is it because she is the protagonist? How am I worse than her? Why do you just not want to see me more, Captain, for so many years?

For AA, BB is not only a good friend who grew up with him, but also a good best friend, but also a rival in love who steals the one he likes. Now she has become everyone's darling, and everyone in the group loves her, treating her like a savior, holding her like a little princess, what about yourself? To put it bluntly, it is a rope tie! Where is the slightest BB status.

The most hateful thing is that I still have to pretend to be happy in front of everyone. Everyone also privately said that the position of AA is dispensable, and anyone can replace it. If BB hadn't redeveloped this magic at that time and insisted on letting AA participate as the best partner, AA might be reduced to the same position as everyone. General assistant. I should also thank BB well.

All kinds of public opinion stimuli made AA feel very uncomfortable, especially every time she saw BB and the team leader go in pairs, she was even more aggrieved! Damn, besides you, there is me in the regiment, this magic trick! I can act too! Why must you be the protagonist!

Of course, this proposal was vetoed by the group leader in private. Others look at magic is the key point, but more is to see BB, her beautiful figure, tied with rope, looks so charming, intoxicating, magic.

The result of the operation is not important now, everyone has already regarded BB as a star. Celebrity effects are far stronger than magic itself.

AA can't accept this statement, is she a star? ? celebrity? If I hadn't cooperated so well every time, allowing her to stand out of the water without any danger, would you still be a star? I think you are almost like a Pluto! Damn guy! I have to treat you well!

Dazzled by her ignorant thoughts, AA hated BB more and more in her heart, but she never showed it, and she always had a very good relationship with BB, but BB never noticed anything. Until today, the opportunity came...

"Listen up, everyone. This time our troupe was invited to participate in a very important performance. The people who came to watch were either rich or noble. This is our recognition and an opportunity for us to be among the top magic troupes. For this performance, we must Come up with the spirit of 12 points! The glory is in front of you! Everyone work hard!"

	"Wow!!!"

After the inspiring speech, the head of the group carefully assigned tasks to everyone. Of course, the finale of this performance was also BB's whole-body-bound escape magic. Although the content is the same as usual, the importance of this time is self-evident.

After the meeting, BB also went to the backstage to find her good sister AA, "Oh, I'm really nervous about this performance. The head of the team told me that this time is very, very important, and I can't go wrong with any details. AA, Really please. By the way, can you give me some advice to make this performance more exciting? I want everyone to see a different version of myself. Of course, don’t let my clothes suddenly fall off That's good, haha."

"Well..." Seeing that BB came to discuss with her so seriously, although AA felt uncomfortable, but after all, BB is also very sincere, and of course she would not refuse, but she was too lazy to think too much, so she said casually, "When you are performing, you make yourself a hood to cover your head completely, so that others can see that you can't see or shout, and then you untie the rope and take this thing out, then you will be more nervous, and you are covered Head, others will feel more mysterious."

"Yeah! Great idea! Haha, I'll go online to see if there's anything suitable!"

The speaker is not interested in the listener, BB really thinks this is good, she stands up and is about to leave, before leaving, she doesn’t forget to hug AA to show her sisterly love, the soft-hearted AA has already given up on wanting to perform Give her a small lesson, let BB know how important she is, but before closing the door, BB said a word, which completely made AA's heart fall to the bottom.

"By the way, the group leader said, after this performance, he will propose to me. Haha, be happy for me~~"

BB indifferently said the words that made AA completely desperate. These words directly destroyed all the fantasies in AA's heart, "Married??" You and the team leader? Why! Why! ! ! ! ! What are you, without my cooperation, you will have trouble at any time! Why did you steal my limelight, take away my protagonist halo, and get the status I dreamed of, now, now, even my favorite person, you want to take it away! Isn't that enough for you in private? With such a big age difference next year, they still want to get married? ?

	No! I don't admit it! Not allowed! It is impossible for you to have the opportunity to go any farther! ! ! BB, the leader is ignoring me like this because of you, as long as you... as long as you are gone, then I will definitely replace you completely! Become the star of the group, become the focus of everyone, and become the person the group leader likes! right! That's right, that's it.

In the heart of hatred, the sisterhood of AA has been completely wiped out. When everyone is preparing for the next brilliant performance, she has been thinking about which link can make BB make an irreversible mistake. However, it will not involve to myself...

Finally, on the day of the performance, there were no empty seats, and the place was carefully arranged, because the people who came were all dignitaries. The atmosphere in the whole group is very good, and the exciting and exciting performances have been pushing the atmosphere of the performance to the peak. After rounds of performances, the finale finally came out!

The beautiful BB slowly walked onto the stage with infinite yearning for a better life in the future. In the cheers of everyone, she took off her coat and only wore a set of pure white bikini, showing her perfect waistline. On stage, she was like a shining star, amazed everyone. His gestures are straightforward, and that kind of temperament almost captured the hearts of the men present.

And her best friend AA, who was holding the rope, was already standing behind her...

The lights of the stage had already shone on Fangling and Mengjie. At this moment, everyone waited with bated breath. Seeing Fangling deftly and skillfully binding the tortoise shell on Mengjie's white carcass, many male audiences had already suppressed it. Can't help it, some people have even adjusted the position of their crotch.

At the moment, no one is listening to the master of ceremonies' explanation. This legendary danger escape magic has already focused everyone's attention. And on the stage, the two sisters Fang Ling and Meng Jie who were tied up while performing, even felt as if they were the two of them in the world.

After the knot of the tortoise shell was tied, Fang Ling handed Meng Jie a fully enclosed headgear, which had never been used in previous performances, which made the guests nervous all of a sudden, and the leader was even more nervous, wishing to stand I got up and questioned their situation, because the unexpected factors at this time may cause problems in the performance. But he couldn't stop the duo who had already started performing. I can only pray that my future wife will not cause any problems.

And after Mengjie took over the headgear, she took the initiative to put it on her head. The size of the gag in the headgear was very suitable. Fangling watched the whole process. Mengjie had already tried it many times. It was simple. Just put this thing on, of course, she is biting the gag, and now she can't speak, the hood has taken away all her senselessness and light, and there is only one small air hole to breathe. Of course, all this, as long as you untie your hands, gently pull the shoelace-like strap tied to the back of your head. Everything is to make Magic look more attractive and tense.

I don’t know how many times the Avalokitesvara’s binding has been done. This time it is also very tight, and the tape also has an opening design. Meng Jie tried it, and it was fine. Then, with the explanation of the master of ceremonies and the support of Fang Ling, , Mengjie groped into the box, sat down slowly, and lay down on the bottom of the box. The angle of the camera changed with Meng Jie's body posture, and gradually reached the top of their heads. All of this is actually something that they do every time they perform.

Arched Mengjie's feet backwards and folded them side by side. This pair of beautiful jade feet, which I have bound countless times, needs to be bound for the last time today. Fang Ling caressed Meng Jie's feet, and actually licked her toes with her tongue in front of the camera. This scene almost made the male guests present scream. It was so exciting. This performance was unprecedented. !

Even the head of the group acquiesced in the actions of the two sisters. He knew that Fang Ling and Meng Jie worked very hard for the development of the group, but he never expected that they would bring such a surprise to everyone at this time.

Meng Jie's feet were tightly bound and wrapped by Fang Ling with ropes, tighter and more wrapped than usual. Fang Ling folded Meng Jie's feet until the heels touched her buttocks, and then tied Meng Jie's ankles with a rope. This time the rope was not tied to Meng Jie's waist, but pulled down her neck. . Then, with a strong pull, Meng Jie's whole body suddenly bent back to the limit, only her abdomen was still attached to the bottom of the wooden box.

"???" Why is it tied so tightly? I can hardly breathe. This gag makes Meng Jie unable to speak at all, and also unable to consult Fangling's intentions. She can only breathe through her stomata, but the limit binding at this moment makes her even more eager to breathe. in the fresh air. Even for the sake of stage effect, such binding is too much, but Meng Jie complained that it was useless. Because now she can only twist the soles of her feet, and then her toes are bound together by Fangling, and then pulled to the position connected with the ring on the top of her headgear with a thin rope.

"Hmm!!!" Meng Jie finally couldn't bear it anymore, it was too much, binding herself like this, in front of so many people, it was so uncomfortable, why didn't she tell herself in advance? But now, Meng Jie doesn't have the opportunity to resist and the right to appeal. Everyone just sees Meng Jie twisting her body, but they don't know that she is already very angry. I thought it was the strong resistance of the girl who was about to be sacrificed to the river god before the pain came. I have to say that the plot of such a magic stage play has been pushed to the peak by the two girls.

Fangling Fu got down, kissed the instep, sole, and heel of her good sister, and then went all the way up, and finally put her head next to Meng Jie's ear. In this place, even if she was communicating with Meng Jie, the audience would not be able to hear it. Moreover, Fang Ling acted so habitually that no one would notice the problem.

"Good sister, this is your last performance." Fang Ling's words made Meng Jie's heart twitch. What do you mean? The final show? ? But he was wearing a hood, and the gag in his mouth made it impossible for him to ask any questions, and he couldn't even make eye contact with Fang Ling.

"You took everything from me, including my favorite man. As long as you are gone, I can replace you. Although this magical accident will cause some loss to the regiment, you are on such a huge stage. , can be regarded as your lifelong wish, farewell, my good sister."

"!!!"

A few words finally made Mengjie wake up! It turned out that Fangling thought this way, and she confided her heart to her, but she had been waiting for a chance to make herself irreparable. I put on the hood myself, and my toes were still pulling on my head, so I couldn't communicate with the outside world, let alone stop the magic, and all my facial expressions were completely blocked.

However, this bondage was so tight that I couldn't even move my fingers, and it also completely locked all my body language, and I couldn't speak, see, or move. The point is, so many people still think they are safe...

"Don't make such a joke... good sister... I didn't offend you!" Meng Jie's heart was about to cry, and the tears of fear had already filled the hood, but no one could see it, except for the strong struggle I am strengthening the effect of the stage play, and I really can't do anything.

Fangling had already instructed everyone to come over and fight against the box, and she also opened the secret door. Because the others had been carrying the box and looking at the audience, they couldn't catch Fangling's movements at all. Fangling didn't cut it off for Mengjie. Instead of using the rope, he kept stroking this good sister, feeling the last remaining warmth of her life. And the pair of scissors that held Meng Jie's fate was only held by Fang Ling.

"Captain! Commander, save me!! I can't escape!!" Meng Jie was already in the rain at the moment, but she couldn't even utter a cry. The guests in the audience, including the captain, Inside, they are all just waiting for the moment to witness the miracle.

"Don't! It's hard for me to get today's achievement. It's hard for the team leader to propose to me! I don't want it!!!" Meng Jie crazily twisted her almost immobile body in the box, I hope that through the struggle, the assistants around me can understand my situation, but everyone has full confidence in Mengjie, thinking that she is now untying themselves, and they don't feel nervous at all.

The box had already been placed by the pool, and Fang Ling stuffed the scissors into Meng Jie's hands, but Fang Ling secretly wrapped the tape on Meng Jie's hands even tighter, even though her fingers were hooked on the scissors , but there is no way to open it.

Seeing her like this, anyone outside would at most think that it was her magic failure, and would not blame Fang Ling in the slightest. Although the leader likes him, he will definitely not make this matter a big deal, because once such a major man-made accident is discovered, the leader's life's hard work will be over.

Even if he was tied up like this and thrown into the pool, no one would avenge him. Instead, it might be the accident caused by his own mistakes! ! ! Damn it! ! Such an ending, I don't want such an ending! ! ! !

	who! Everyone is good, hurry up and save me, help me untie the rope, I don't want to be thrown into the pool like this! ! ! !

Everyone's off-site performance is almost over, but I still can't open the scissors, let alone cut the rope. The box was completely sealed, and I could no longer see myself from the outside. How would you know that your current life is about to enter the countdown stage.

"No...no...I'm still young! Don't!! Don't!! Fangling, tell them to stop, aren't we good sisters? What can't be said properly, you have to give me..." Thinking of this, Meng Jie Really hopeless.

The sound of everyone singing and dancing has also stopped. The MC's commentary and the exciting melody on the stage sounded again. Mengjie knew that everyone was about to put themselves into the water, but the scissors happened to be at this moment. Time slipped from my hands! !

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!" The last straw is gone, Mengjie can't do anything except cry, she just wants to take a last look at the world, but there is no other way, she can't curse this friend who betrayed her, I can't say my last farewell like the one I love the most, and I can't even make a final roar!

Everyone has already started to lift the box, and Fang Ling also danced and left the stage, leaving behind Meng Jie, who was being carried by everyone and gradually placed on the water, walked backstage cruelly.

"Whoaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!" Don't let go! ! ! Water... water is coming in! !

At this moment, Meng Jie's heart has completely collapsed, she looks like this, this shameful look! ! ! No wonder the magician wanted to ban this magic! Because what she is afraid of is not the magic technique, but the human heart. I finally understood the accident in the manuscript, but now, I couldn't be so lucky. Because what is waiting for me is a merciless pool that will submerge me...

"Leader! Leader, save me!!!" The last cry in my heart could only be filtered into a moan of "woo woo" by the gag...

And the assistants have already put the box on the table of the pool and pressed the down switch...