//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com
The information bag placed on the table gave the president a very, very headache. Because inside, there are all black materials and photos that have been exposed inside the company, and the evidence is solid and clear. In the eyes of others, this thing can be said to be nonsense, but to the president, this thing is a time bomb, because the information contains detailed descriptions of all the invisible activities of the company over the years Be clear.

Including the children born to myself and several other lovers, the blood types have been investigated clearly. Damn, who the hell sent this thing to himself, and then there was no contact.

If these things are in the hands of competitors, you will really be finished. The company is also over, and any one of them can ruin his reputation. The purpose of this person is obviously to ask for money. But why has it been almost a week? I just kept sending myself new materials, but I just didn't show up, let alone explain my needs. This made the president panic-stricken all day long, and it was really difficult psychologically.

Of course, the group of people below only dared to whisper and speculate among each other, who is so bold, who dared to send these things over in a blatant manner, obviously they were going to be ripped off severely.

Finally, on the tenth day, a phone call came to the president. The other party was actually a young woman, but she felt that her voice had been changed, so she couldn't tell who it was.

"Master President, do you like the gift I gave you?"

"Stop talking nonsense, who are you and what do you want?" The president was already furious, but he calmly dismissed the subordinates around him, because there are some words that cannot be heard by them.

"Haha, how can I tell you who I am? My goal is very simple, 500 million. If you sell off your information, I will go far away, and I will die in this life. I will never show up." The lion on the other side said loudly Opening the mouth made the president feel resentful, and he really wanted to get rid of it, but the identity of the other party was mysterious, and all his lifelines were in her hands, so he could only bear it and not say anything.

"This amount is too big. If the price is reasonable, I can pay immediately. But you must promise not to show up in this life."

"I'll contact you later!"

As the president said, he called his most confidant man——Black Glasses to come to his side, trying to get him to track back through the signal and find out the identity of the other party. However, this is not something that can be done in a short while, and the other party is obviously an expert in anti-reconnaissance. They don't give the president time to counter-trace at all. Once it reaches 5 minutes, he hangs up the phone and calls from another place. And all caller numbers are anonymous. It is impossible to find any information about the other party.

"Okay, President, this amount cannot be less. Your company is far more valuable than these hundreds of millions." The other party called again, which made the President very clear that he had met a veteran. The tracking method is useless at all.

"It's not a small amount of money, and I need time to raise it."

According to Black Glasses' suggestion, the president first stabilized the other party, but extended the time. After all, everyone knows that 500 million is really enough money to load a truck. It is impossible to keep people around you from discovering such a large flow of funds. Just trading is a big problem. Try to throw the problem to the other party and delay the time, so that you have a chance to find out who the other party is.

"Three days. I'll call you again."

After the other party finished speaking, he immediately turned off the phone. The president angrily smashed the phone on the floor, three days? 500 million? ? This person is too cruel. Some things have been done, it is not a question of money. Damn, don't let me find out who you are! Otherwise, you must be copied!

"President, please listen to me." Black Glasses pushed his own glasses, and seemed to have thought of something, "Since the call cannot be traced, should we consider checking from the outlet of the data, such a huge amount of data , it is impossible for anyone to come into contact with it.”

"Huh? What do you mean...?" The president regained his energy when he heard this, as if he had thought of something, "Let's start with the internal investigation of the company?"

"Yes, especially those who recently resigned due to conflicts with the company or have owed a lot of foreign debt outside, and they must be above the senior management level. This way the scope will be very small. Ordinary employees, even if they want to get these materials , and it was definitely provided to her by an inside ghost. And the chances of ordinary employees daring to do this are very low, I can guarantee that after the screening, there will be no more than three suspicious people."

"Then you do it right away! Find out this damn BZ! Let her know that she is that green onion!" A box of expensive cigars was given to him.

	"yes."

………………

…………

...

In just half a day, Black Glasses came back with three employee profiles, "President, these three people all meet our screening criteria, and one of them passed away in a car accident last month. Don't worry, there is only one man left." A girl. Take a look."

"Huh? I don't know you, just tell me." The president felt better when he saw a breakthrough in the matter, "By the way, tell me, what are you going to do?"

"This man is a company executive named Dong Bin. He was fired last month for embezzling company funds and owes a lot of money. This woman's name is Wen Tong. I guess she is the one who called , the reason for her dismissal was stealing company secrets and selling them, and the company sued her at that time. Moreover, she was Dong Bin's concubine. It is likely that the two conspired."

"Then, do you know how to do it?" The president took a bite of the hamburger and smiled brightly. This kind of ant actually wants to shake the big tree? I really don't know how to live or die.

"Understood. Just give me 2 days."

"Go, you are indeed the person I trust the most."

The president praised Hei Glasses with satisfaction, but Hei Glasses is not the kind of person who is proud of his talents, so he just said lightly, "President, this matter is over, I want a million."

"Hahahaha, unambitious guy, I'll give you two million! Hurry up, don't delay!"

The black glasses smiled and left. Of course, he is not a fuel-efficient lamp, and he also understands some principles of working with such a boss, but this is his personal problem. With a few shrewd men, it was easy to find out Dong Bin's residence. This is an ordinary apartment building, and Black Glasses sent people to directly bribe all the security and property personnel here. It is convenient for him to do things here.

Brazenly opened the door of Dong Bin's house, black glasses and three subordinates sat in the living room, waiting for Dong Bin to come back. Since Dong Bin was fired, he has been impoverished, and he still has the temperament of a senior executive at that time, so he is muddling along now. He was indeed involved in this incident, but it was just a suggestion, because Wen Tong promised that the matter would be done, and he would fly away with him and enjoy a life of squandering with hundreds of millions. Money addicted, he readily agreed, anyway, it was Wen Tong who came forward, and he was just acting as a cover, and the company couldn't find out about him. However, he really underestimated the black glasses.

As soon as he entered the room, he was surprised to be pushed down in the living room by the powerful men of the black glasses. Seeing the black glasses sitting in front of him, Dong Bin was so scared that he almost peed on the floor. He is very clear about the power of the black glasses, and it is useless to argue on his own, because the other party does not have conclusive evidence, so he will not come to him easily, since he has found him, it means that his life is not long...

"Dong Bin, the company treats you well. I know it must be for the money. But even if you take the money, I guarantee you will spend it." Black glasses drank tea and said unhurriedly, " I came to you today to give you a way to survive, but I don't know if you can go or not."

"I'm going! I'm going! I'm willing to do anything. As long as... as long as you don't..." Dong Bin was so frightened that he didn't dare to finish his words, but kept trembling and afraid.

"Okay, I can promise you to help me do what I want. After that, not only will your previous debts be written off, but the president will also give you one million and tell you to get out. However, go out forever and be a dumb person." Dead man, do you understand?"

	"Yes Yes!"

After all, the subordinates let go of Dong Bin, treated him with courtesy, and simply instigated rebellion, making this profit-seeking man betray his good concubine in an instant. He told Wen Tong's private life, hobbies, and everything clearly, and he was very surprised, since the black glasses are so powerful, why not just go find Wen Tong directly.

"What's the point of going to her directly. The boss wants her to know how stupid it is to be in a cocoon!"

	"yes……"

The next day, Dong Bin brought a box to Wen Tong according to the instructions of the black glasses. Inside the box are Wen Tong's and his favorite things to play with. A full headgear, a leather straitjacket, and other self-binding items. Of course, there's also a gadget that will give her some thrills while she's bondage. Seeing that Dong Bin happily brought these things to herself, Wen Tong didn't have any doubts at all. However, she was also more vigilant. After all, these two days are an extraordinary period, and things haven't succeeded yet, so it's not the time to have fun.

"Okay. My dear, I'll give you these early celebration items first. When we receive the money, we can use these to have fun!" Dong Bin said, and left. He didn't say much, and he also knew that if he proposed to tie these things to Wen Tong at this time, Wen Tong would definitely refuse. After all, this is an extraordinary period, but according to the analysis of black glasses, Wen Tong is a self-binding lover. , Seeing these things, when she was nervously waiting, if she felt that there was no danger around, she would tie herself up, so what he asked Dong Bin to do was to send these things to Wen Tong .

Sure enough, the black glasses' analysis was correct. Wen Tong got these things, and after seeing Dong Bin leave quickly, she was already eager to try. Wen Tong, who likes to bind himself very much, how could he not be moved when he saw these things? Even if it's just to try it out.

He took out the leather straitjacket, which was a tortoise shell style. Wen Tong blushed, and couldn't bear it anymore, so he put it on himself. Looking at herself in the mirror, wearing pajamas and restraints, she is so charming, Wen Tong's heart can't bear it anymore...

"Why am I so beautiful!!" Wen Tong spun around admiring herself, and then, her heart that was ready to move was really itchy, and she saw Dong Bin leaving on a bicycle from the window, nothing unusual, she opened the window excitedly. She picked up the box that Dong Bin gave her and put all the things on the ground.

"Haha, this guy is all newly bought. It seems that he really thinks he has made a fortune. When I get the money, what else will you do? You can just stay at home and think about me tied up. .There is so much money in this life, I am bound to do nothing every day, and I am not afraid of running out of money to spend!"

Wen Tong smiled, and unpacked all the other things. Seeing these things, she didn't feel that there was anything wrong at all, so she just kept doing nothing and took off all the clothes on her body. I didn't wear anything, and then took a shower and made myself clean.

Then, these leather restraints were also deliberately taken out, washed with hot water, and disinfected. Just like looking at your own baby. Then, put on the tortoise shell straitjacket just now, and when the leather just reached her crotch, Wen Tong blushed and smiled. How nice it is to be with these babies all the time in the future. No need to go to work anymore, no need to look at other people's faces. You can make money even if you are tied, it is simply a dream thing.

With your feet together, this all-inclusive restraint strap can keep your ankles, knees and thighs completely tightly bound together, leaving no room for movement. Wen Tong lay on the ground, looking back at her upturned feet, what wonderful feet, rosy in white, extremely smooth, they couldn't be cheaper than others.

This thing that binds the hands is a bit troublesome, but fortunately, it is a metal handcuff with a lock. Although the hands cannot feel tightly bound by the rope, it is still relatively tight. The leather strap at the waist is wrapped twice so that the distance between the wrists is short. Tried it, the key is fine. It was great. After unlocking the lock, Wen Tong sat up and looked at the full-coverage hood in front of him. This thing... I have never used it before. I'm so nervous. I used to gag my eyes and put my head in and fasten it. Isn't it too exciting?

Wen Tong's curiosity was completely aroused. I didn't think about using this headgear just now, so I haven't washed it yet, but now it's finally tied like this. It's new anyway. It should be no problem to try it. There is also a gag in the headgear, which is just enough to fill his mouth. Ah, so exciting! ! If this is the case, and you completely restrain yourself, then...then...

Just thinking about it, Wen Tong's body was already scorching hot, and the space between his legs was already wet and slippery. But now is not the time to play... No, play for a while, just for a while, ten minutes! It should be fine, no problem!

Thinking that I will soon be speechless, unable to see, unable to move my hands and feet, and have no freedom in my body. I must find a key in the dark to unlock my hands to be free. Moreover, there will be something in my body to deal with me... It can't be done. , such a feeling, how can you not try it?

Wen Tong was ruthless, and confirmed his position. He estimated that he was facing the key, which was about five meters away. He could easily lie down over it. Even if he couldn't see it, he could still find the key to untie it with his body. ! No problem, do it!

He took that cute little thing off his [indescribable] belt, and stuffed it tightly for himself. Ah~~ It's ice cold, so comfortable! So comfortable! ! Make it bloated! ! After turning on the remote control, Wen Tong found that this thing made him reach the peak almost immediately. It's great, being ruthlessly bound by himself, tormented by this thing, such a pitiful gesture, Wen Tong couldn't help but want to bully himself.

After confirming that the power of this thing is quite enough, Wen Tong actually put her mobile phone on the stand not far away to record a video for herself. She wants to see if her embarrassing appearance will make her excited to crazy .

Everything is ready, the feet are folded and bent to their current limit, and then the ankles are fixed to the buckle of the belt between the legs with a belt, as long as one's feet are exerted, they will be tightened [undescribable ] belt, and then this belt will push the gadget inside the body deeper, haha, perfect!

Putting his head into this hood, biting the gag, this kind of satisfaction made Wen Tong almost unable to stop, now he really couldn't see, say, or hear, but, the location of the key , I remember very clearly. He fumbled for his own arm and put on the armcuffs. Now it was really difficult to move, but his wrist was still free.

After Wen Tong put her hands together in the handcuffs, she turned on the switch of the thing inside her body. Push it to the maximum, then flicked her wrist, and threw the remote control to a place she didn't know. Then, with a hard heart, directly put the handcuffs on the wrists

Handcuffs tight!

"Ahhh!!! I can't move! I can't move at all, it's so exciting and comfortable!"

Wen Tong began to struggle hard, twisting her body. This appearance was like a world-famous painting. Her perfect figure was tortured like this, her curves were fully supported, and Wen Tong, who was completely naked, already felt that she was the most beautiful in the world. happy people. This dream of self-restraint is something she has always wanted to do but dare not do. Now she dares, because she is about to become a very rich person, she no longer has to worry about life problems, and can even spend her future life very luxuriously.

"Woooo, I was kidnapped by the bad guys, I have no chance of being rescued, and I'm still being tortured by that thing in my body, who will save me!"

Wen Tong, who is crazy about filling his brain, has no gap at all, and his dream is about to come true. Because in the headgear, there is a little powder packet at the nose and mouth. If these things come into contact with water, the effect will be better, but Wen Tong didn't wash the headgear, so after she struggled in place for nearly ten minutes, her sweat stains gradually wet the hidden small powder bag, The very sleepy smell inside, although colorless and odorless, has already filled Wen Tong's nasal cavity.

Just after a very strong [undescribable], at this moment, she didn't take this drowsiness seriously at all, until she suddenly realized that she accidentally fell asleep, and she didn't feel that something was wrong. But I didn't take it to heart, maybe I was too relaxed, ahh, the feeling came again, once again, just once again! Then unzip yourself and get a good night's sleep! This feeling is great, and I want it every day in the future! !

………………

…………

...

"Dong Bin, what do you think?" The black glasses looked at a strange APP in the phone. This gadget can be directly connected to the gadget inside Wen Tong's body. Not only can it be directly operated, but it can also see Wen Tong's body data……

"I should have fallen asleep, but I don't know how the medicine works." Dong Bin swallowed, "It's been tied for so long, and the data is also very stable. It should be the result of her not moving around."

"Okay, you've done a great job, give me the key to her room, and you can take the money and leave. Remember, from now on, being a dead person honestly is the only condition for me to let you go."

"Yes! Yes!!" Dong Bin took the box that the black glasses gave him, and ran away immediately, fearing that the black glasses would kill him, but he also knew very well that if he was really let go this time, he would really I dare not come out again. After all, there is only one life. As for his concubine, that has nothing to do with him at all. With so much money, couldn't there be better?

With a few people under his command, he arrived at the door of Wen Tong's house with black glasses. He opened the door softly with a key. When he saw that he was naked, he tied himself up and tied up the perfect Wen Tong lying on the ground, motionless and breathing steadily. The effect of the medicine is not over yet. The black glasses signaled others not to come in, and to find a place to wait. He put on the shoe covers by himself, and walked in with white gloves. After closing the door, there are only Hei Glasses and Wen Tong in the room.

Of course, the black glasses wouldn't wake Wen Tong up, he just silently took away Wen Tong's cell phone and the handcuff keys she left on the ground. This is equivalent to directly taking away all hope from Wen Tong. However, Wen Tong is still in dreamland at this moment, happily dreaming her dream, until the black glasses took out his mobile phone, opened the app that can control Wen Tong's crotch, and adjusted the intensity to the column of slight electric shock. The hidden function is not available on that physical remote control...

"!!"

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

This was no small matter, such a sensitive place was suddenly electrified, Wen Tong woke up quickly, his body was numb, and he really wanted to die. Although the electric current was small, it was continuous. Accompanied by the strong vibration, Wen Tong was almost incontinent, and could only moan "woo woo" while twisting his body vigorously. Damn, why is this happening, what did you buy me? ? Wen Tong didn't notice that there was an extra person in the room at all, it's just that she woke up suddenly and couldn't adapt to the fact that she was tied up.

"Ah, I'm tied up and can't move. Is this thing in my body going to rebel? It's leaking electricity. No, it's a bit uncomfortable. Let's untie yourself first."

Just like that, Wen Tong shook his head, and crawled forward in front of the black glasses. Of course, the black glasses were filming Wen Tong with the equipment he brought, which was the evidence that he went back to work.

Wen Tong remembered the location of the key, as long as he sleeps without rolling around, just crawl forward. Of course, in this state, he can't even roll around. Wen Tong worked hard to move his shoulders back and forth, the feeling of electric leakage in his body disappeared, it was great, it seemed normal again, ah, I am so pitiful, I was kidnapped by bad guys here, and I still want myself Try to find a key to untie it. It's really pathetic...

Wen Tong kept crawling forward. After all, he lost his five senses and just woke up again. He was also very tired from being tormented by himself. He didn't have a good grasp of the distance. The room is very long, but I should have been lying nearby, why haven't I touched the key yet?

Wen Tong continued to crawl forward in a funny way, and finally, his head touched the wall, "!!"

How did it get to the wall? Where are the keys? Could it be that I made a mistake in the direction, no, it's just a straight line distance, now, Wen Tong is a little anxious, a small key, for her now, it's a needle in a haystack! I don't dare to move around at all now. Once I deviate from the route, I will be even harder to find. Where is the key?

In a hurry, Wen Tong didn't dare to mess around, so he could only move slowly, rotate his body, recalculate the position of the room in his impression, and then face the place in front where the key might be placed, slowly Lie over. I have to say that Wen Tong was very accurate. There is indeed a key here, but it is only in the hands of the black glasses. Wen Tong's head leaned over straight to the feet of the black glasses.

Such a beautiful scenery, even the black glasses are excited. What a wonderful woman, if she didn't offend the president so much, it would be great to accept her as a plaything. It's a pity that she can't leave this room.

Wen Tong's feet dangled in the air, swaying from side to side, and slowly moved towards the black glasses. At this moment, the black glasses [undescribable] were standing tall, but he was still extremely calm and did not show much mercy to Wen Tong. Tong. For the sake of a woman, messing things up and offending the president would really not be worth the loss, but tonight, I have to find a place to get angry.

Wen Tong, who was getting more and more impatient, couldn't find the key after climbing for a long time. Now she has come to the foot of the black glasses. Of course, she still doesn't know that the black glasses have been watching her by her side and taking pictures of her. watching the video. Still holding her only hope, the key to the handcuffs.

Until, one foot lightly stepped on Wen Tong's head, sitting here with black glasses, this condescending sense of conquest made him so excited. However, feeling that a person suddenly appeared in front of him, Wen Tong was so frightened that he almost lost his mind. Who is this person? When did you come? Why didn't I find it for so long.

"Are you looking for the key? Miss Wen Tong."

"!!!"

	this person! ! This familiar voice, I have heard it before. He is the confidant next to the president, the guy who always wears black glasses. Why is he here? ? Wen Tong can't see at the moment, can't say anything, his body is still completely bound, it's too bad, this person has been watching his embarrassing appearance, and... he was so excited just now At least twice, he saw it... But there is no need to worry about this issue now.

The black glasses will find here, could it be that his affairs have been discovered? Too bad, what to do now? I can't move at all, I can't see and I can't shout!

"Let you know your situation first." The black glasses opened the APP, and suddenly pushed the current button to the maximum, and the strong muscle contraction made Wen Tong spray out directly. Why... why is this happening, I'm going to die, this intensity! ! ! ah ah! ! stop! please! ! stop now! I really will die! !

"How, can you listen to me now?" The black glasses turned off the current, but the vibration mode was still strongly turned on.

"Yeah!" Wen Tong knew that her life was in the hands of the other party. The only hope she felt was Dong Bin, because Dong Bin also had a backup of those materials. If the other party didn't know With Dong Bin's existence, he still has room to survive and negotiate.

"We have tampered with the things your concubine gave you. Up to now, your body has been excited eight times. I can see it on my mobile phone and have records. This current mode can only be operated by my mobile phone. I So, can you understand what it means?"

	"ah!!"

This, what's going on here? Dong Bin, Dong Bin, you actually betrayed me? Send me these things on purpose, let me tie myself up and make myself a cocoon, and then let these simply solve me, you are so hateful! ! Where am I sorry for you! How dare you treat me like this! I hate you! But it's useless to be excited now, it will only change the APP and numbers on the black glasses phone.

"Well, I'm still excited at this time, is there [indescribable]? It has become nine times."

Hearing what the black glasses said, Wen Tong really wanted to die. Where does he have a secret now? It was fully displayed in front of this man. It's too much, such a despicable way to calculate and deal with myself. Let go of me if you have the ability, we will come in the open! Let me tie myself up, you pick up ready-made, what kind of heroes are you? But Wen Tong really can't do anything except wriggle in place. I can't even swear a few words, because the gag is really tight.

"Do you know? Seeing you like this, I was tempted." The black glasses squatted down, stroked Wen Tong's head with a gloved hand, and told her softly, "If the president didn't give the order to die, I would I really want to save your life, and then take it back to play slowly. Unfortunately, you no longer have the qualifications."

"Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu whom she was crying, but only now did she realize how overconfident she was. I have been foolishly shaking my fair and smooth body in front of others, letting others see enough. Even the number of times I [indescribable], others are clear...

"We have recovered all the materials, and your concubine has also left. He took a lot of money and didn't beg for your mercy at all. Instead, he provided us with all conveniences."

"Hmmmm!!" Struggling desperately is the end of Wen Tong's dignity. She hates, really hates, damn Dong Bin, it was a waste of her own feelings for him, this mercenary villain, herself Everything was paid wrong.

"You are useless, just here, alone... Go to the end. Ten days later, we will come back and deal with you..." After finishing speaking, the black glasses turned Wen Tong over, and in front of her seductive Ren Wuming squeezed his chest hard, then sighed, shook his head, and put the key of Wen Tong's handcuffs on the sofa, but Wen Tong definitely couldn't get it, and then used Wen Tong's mobile phone , and intercepted the video of himself appearing. Only the video of Wen Tong tying himself up, so that in the end, Wen Tong is just an ending of self-binding failure and finally disappearing. It has nothing to do with myself.

"Woooooooooo!!!"

Hearing the door being closed and the black glasses walking farther and farther away, Wen Tong's heart was completely chilled. No one will come to save yourself, no...

	no! ! No, I can't just disappear here like this! Wen Tong pulled his feet hard, hoping to break the belt, but this thing was connected to him [undescribable], the harder he tried, the more painful it would be. Not to mention that the belt is constantly being pulled, even if it is broken with brute force, I may already die of pain first.

Desperately twisting his shoulders and head, Wen Tong regretted so much, why did he tie himself up like this, wouldn't it be good to give himself a chance? There's no use blaming anyone now. I can only hate myself, hate myself for being so stupid!

If she was given another chance, she would never dare to go against the president like this, but it is too late now, and the most hateful thing is that even if she is gone, the result of the investigation has nothing to do with the president , I have sufficient evidence of self-binding failure. Allow yourself to slowly experience regret here, and at the same time slowly experience the pain before death, it's too much, too much! !

President! President, I was really wrong! Show mercy and save me. I'm still so young and so pretty, I can do anything you want me to do! I can tie it up and show it to you every day! President, please spare me! !

The remorse in her heart has already made Wen Tong in the hood cry like pears and rain. The gag in her mouth made her really sick, but she couldn't spit it out. The saliva had already flowed everywhere in the hood, and the taste was very bad. The mouth is dry, and the black glasses use the app to discharge myself from time to time...

Such humiliation, such torture, made Wen Tong feel so much pain that he wished to live, but his own life was worse than death. Obviously I really hope to get such a plot, I was kidnapped by the bad guys, tied up like this, tortured and bullied, and there is no chance of escape. But now that it has really come true, Wen Tong only feels fear and fear in his heart.

It's useless to regret, but it's impossible for me to break open the metal handcuffs. No need for scissors. Ah, by the way, there should be scissors in the room, but where are the scissors? I can't see anything, but now that there is hope of survival, Wen Tong can't give up, at least he can move his feet and open the door to save him.

The room is very bright, but Wen Tong's eyes are completely dark, and her sense of fear has already convinced her. Subconsciously, the pair of scissors that she has always kept as a spare has become the only support in Wen Tong's heart, because in this state, even if she climbs to the door Those who cannot open the door to ask for help must get the pair of scissors!

Rolling and struggling desperately in the room, confirming her position, and searching for the location of the scissors in her memory, all this gave Wen Tong the last hope of survival, but she didn't know that the scissors had long been taken away. The black glasses were put away in his pocket. Of course, on Black Glasses' mobile app, the counter showing the number of times Wen Tong was excited has jumped to ten times...