//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

"My wish is to let myself experience the feeling of being tightly bound and unable to be rescued."

Standing in front of the magic mirror, she prayed shyly. As a princess, she has always been very beautiful. Every day she wakes up and goes to bed at night, and she is served by servants. This kind of life made her dull. Without any stimulation, there are illusory smiles everywhere, and the birds in the castle cannot get freedom. Although it is easy for me to get all the material things I want, no one will understand the depression in my heart.

This time, she entrusts one of her favorite guards to find this magic mirror for herself. Although talking about ghosts and gods is strictly forbidden in the royal family, Wei Wei still makes a wish in front of the mirror.

In childhood, when enjoying the execution of the rebel army, the young beautiful general of the rebel army was stripped of his clothes, tied up tightly, and forced to ride on a horse to parade. Bundle of great interest. She even fantasized that she was the rebel general, who was tied up and paraded through the streets after being watched by the people who had been chasing her.

This seed takes root in Wei Wei's heart, but since she is a princess, don't say that she must pay attention to her status. Even if he brought up this idea with the people around him, the servants would only dare to kneel down and beg for mercy, how could they dare to touch the jade body in the slightest? In this way, Wei Wei could only choose painfully alone to bury this secret in her heart.

until she grows up. Father is already old, and his body is not as good as before. Wei Wei has no brothers or sisters, and next month, she will be crowned queen. Under such an identity, one's wishes will become even more slim. Why, I can get everything in the country, but I can't enjoy the treatment of being tightly tied even once like a lowly prisoner?

Among the personal guards, he was the only one who had been by his side since he was a child—Marin. If you don't count beyond your status, Marin can be regarded as Weiwei's only friend, and also a childhood sweetheart. However, for the respect of the princess, although he knew what Wei Wei was thinking, Marin never dared to touch Wei Wei's jade body on non-essential occasions.

However, Marin will do his best to meet Wei Wei's various private demands, even unreasonable to willful demands. This is his expression of loyalty to Wei Wei. Therefore, after almost three months of hard work, Marin finally delivered the western magic mirror intact to Wei Wei.

According to rumors, there is a demon in this mirror, and it will fulfill the wishes of human beings, and the price is the soul. But this is always a rumor, but this is also Wei Wei's last spiritual sustenance of her wish before the coronation.

"..."

In the dark, Wei Wei's dress is very rebellious. What she wants to pray to is not a god, but a demon. Wei Wei wears this set of pure black sexy lace underwear that she will never show in the public eye, and also draws a pattern on her lower abdomen that is likely to be associated with the devil. Bare feet, with red paint on the face, three short horizontal marks were drawn under the eye sockets, showing the sincerity of this prayer.

The circle of candles around himself and the mirror, in the formation of hexagrams on the ground, looked so dark and gloomy. There was no change in the surrounding environment, not even a breeze. This made Wei Wei, who was full of expectations, gradually become a little sad. After all, the magic mirror is just a legend, and he is a body of gold, even if there are demons, he might not dare to do anything to him. If you challenge yourself, don't you challenge this country?

Although I had already knelt in front of the magic mirror, closed my eyes and prayed sincerely, but nothing happened around me until the candles on the ground were gradually extinguished in the container. The surroundings of the room also gradually turned into darkness.

"I'm really stupid. I actually believe in such legends." Wei Wei stood up helplessly, recalling how pious she was just now, even if she sold her soul to the devil, she still hoped to experience it once, even if it was just a tight bondage. It's just a feeling, and the result can't be done. This empress herself is really useless.

Standing up, Wei Wei is about to light up the lights in the room, but at this moment, Wei Wei suddenly finds that she is clearly visible in the mirror, and the room is pitch black now. why?

Although the self in the mirror is exactly the same as her, her temperament is completely different from her. That cold-storage-to-the-limit face made Wei Wei feel chills in her heart.

"Your sincere wish, I did accept it!"

A deep voice came from the mirror. This is not a human voice. Could there really be demons? Wei Wei took a step back in fright, but when she looked back, wasn't this what she was looking forward to? Can you try to communicate?

"Who... are you?" The slightly trembling voice finally uttered his own question.

"The devil... the devil you prayed for..." The self in the mirror actually spoke.

"There really are demons? What are you doing here?" Seeing this scene, Wei Wei was so frightened that even the guards forgot to call, and just asked the demon's purpose foolishly.

"Your prayers, I have indeed received, grant your wishes... Let you experience the feeling of being tightly bound, never being rescued...During the time you are bound, this puppet will replace you... When you break free Afterwards, she will return to the mirror again and exchange identities with you, you don't have to worry... However, the price of this transaction is a trace of your soul, are you... willing?"

"A trace of soul?" Wei Wei looked at the mirror in the mirror in disbelief, she listened carefully to the devil's words, although intermittent, but clearly. At this moment, she was already too excited. When she was bound, she didn't have to worry about the national riots. The caring devil actually prepared a substitute for herself. When you have had enough fun, you can change your identity after you get rid of the bondage. There is no deceit in the devil's soul transaction, this point is very clear, so Wei Wei only needs to consider how much sequelae this trace of soul will bring to herself.

"Yes, this transaction is too simple...It only needs a trace of soul, and it will not affect you...it will probably split dozens of hairs..."

"Haha... is it really that simple?" Wei Wei's heart has reached the point where she can't restrain her excitement. Such a small price can satisfy her inner curiosity. It's really, really great! !

"Devils are different from you... Humans are different... In the soul transaction, you will never hide... Otherwise, you will just disappear..."

"Great, I'm willing to make a deal!" Wei Wei was extremely happy, she didn't care about other things the devil said, anyway, it was clearly written in the contract, and she just came back after playing enough. Picking up the pen handed to her by the devil from the mirror, Wei Wei signed her name on the contract...

"The deal is concluded, you...you can choose three different binding methods..." The self in the mirror suddenly became tightly bound by the rope, constantly changing the binding posture, and it was printed on Wei Wei. in mind.

"How should I choose?" Wei Wei, who was so excited that she couldn't care less, turned out to be far more beautiful than the others when she tied herself up. A princess is a princess.

"Just one thought in your mind is enough... The posture just now has been imprinted in your mind."

Wei Wei half-understands and tries to think about the one-leg hanging posture just now in her head. In an instant, the scenes were switched, and she had already come to the mirror. And the puppet outside the mirror has turned around and started to clean up the traces of the ceremony.

"Don't worry... from the outside, I can't see you in the mirror..."

The Wei Wei in the mirror is currently under a suspension frame, her hands are tightly bound by the back master, the rope on her chest makes it difficult for her to breathe, and the strands under her crotch make Wei Wei feel ashamed and excited. Especially the knot that is deeply embedded in her body makes Wei Wei very uncomfortable... But this feeling makes Wei Wei want to stop.

I was hung on a suspension frame, one foot was upright, the other knee was suspended high, and the whole body was tilted. This posture was very uncomfortable. But Wei Wei is extremely excited, this, ah, this is the bondage she dreamed of. So exciting, now I am no longer a princess, let alone a queen who is about to be crowned, but a prisoner, a pitiful one, tied up in this place where no one can find me, waiting for my own, maybe It's execution, maybe endless captivity...

This shackle on her mouth made Wei Wei feel humiliated, it was the same style as that poor rebel female general back then, this was what she had been looking forward to all along. It is also what Wei Wei has always wanted to experience. She cannot speak, but she can communicate with the demon in her heart.

"Change your posture... just think about it in your mind... but there are only two more times, take good care of it... the last time... don't use a posture that you... can't bear... otherwise... it won't help you to get out of the bondage ...If you want to add props to yourself, you can just think about it in your mind, but to remove props, you have to work hard on your own..."

"Hmm..." Nodding slightly, the demon's voice disappeared. Leaving her here alone to enjoy.

"!!" In an instant, a lot of styles and uses of props flooded into Wei Wei's head...those shameful things that she would never have access to in the palace, now...just a single thought, and she can put them on herself ...Do you want to... really try?

"Just... try these two..." Wei Wei thought about it in her head, and immediately, a dressing mirror appeared in front of her eyes, completely imprinting her shameful appearance in front of her. Looking at her arrogant appearance before her eyes, now she is like a prisoner, Wei Wei's heart beats to the limit. passionate……

Then, the underwear on her chest disappeared, replaced by a pair of breast bells with beautiful bells, tightly clamped on Wei Wei's chest...
 
     "Ah! It's too tight, it hurts a bit!" Wei Wei thought to herself, this thing can't be messed around, it's easy to put it on, but you have to figure out a way to remove it. But he was tied so tightly, so it was possible to lose it. And the hanging feet are starting to get a little tired. No, no, this binding method looks good, but there is no way to stick to it.
 
     But I only have three chances to be tied up, how long have I been tied up? Admit defeat now, don't believe it. But, it's such a shame. No, I can't move at all. If I'm really bound like this and no one comes to save me, then I can't find a way to untie it. Fortunately, I still have two chances. For the last time, I must not fix myself to a certain place.
 
     "However, should I just tie myself up like this dryly? I always feel that something is missing."
 
     "Devil, are you still there?" Wei Wei called out to Demon in her heart, hoping to get some advice.
 
     "Speak..." The voice in my head was still so low.
 
     "I want to be more ashamed and have a better time, but I don't know how to do it. Can you tell me?" Wei Wei found that she was really daring, that she could come up with such an idea directly, and told her without hesitation. This terrible demon.
 
     "Yes, authorize me to read your heart... I can know what you want..."
 
     "good……" 
 
     A few seconds later, Wei Wei felt that she was already in front of the demon, without a trace of secrets, including when she saw the rebel female general, the strange [undescribable] made the demon see clearly.
 
     "I see... Please authorize me to directly control your need thinking. When you change your posture for the second time... all props will be reset..."
 
     "En~" Wei Wei just hummed lightly, because she didn't know what she needed in her subconscious mind. Until, after the devil snapped his fingers in her mind.
 
     "Uh-huh!!!" 
 
     Suddenly, there was a strong spiraling twisting sensation from the crotch, which made Wei Wei almost spit out in an instant. Ah, what is this, what did the devil put in my body. It's so bloated, it's getting stuffed slowly, ahhh~~~ Don't twist, don't move, I'm a princess! ! Don't offend me like this! ! But...but I really can't stand it! !
 
     The standing leg was already trembling to the point where it could barely stand upright, the suspended leg was completely collapsed, and a strange, icy cold thing was inserted into the flesh behind him, slightly I don't know what it is, but it feels like someone is pulling this cold and hard thing in and out of my body. Tortured Wei Wei to the point of death.
 
     A lot of stuff was sprayed out. Wei Wei has never received such a stimulus, there is no way to resist it. I couldn't see my eyes, I didn't know what was covered, and my nose was caught by a clip, so I couldn't breathe, so I could only inhale through my mouth, but at this time, my breathing was already chaotic.
 
     "Don't, don't, don't! Noble princess, you shouldn't be dominated by such feelings!! Stop quickly, devil! You are really a devil!!! Please, don't do this, I can't take it anymore!!"
 
     "If you change your posture, the props will be removed..." The demon in his head seemed to have sensed Wei Wei's thoughts, and gave her a reminder, only then did Wei Wei remember that he could change his posture through thinking and reset his current state .
 
     "Ah~~ What position do I want to change~~ No, this thing makes me unable to think properly at all!! Please, devil, any position is fine, the main thing is don't lift me up, let me take a rest first It's all right... I authorize you to control my thinking..." Wei Wei almost went crazy, and finally sent this message to the devil in his mind, and the devil paused for a few seconds after receiving it, and finally...
 
     "Ha... ha... I, I can see it."

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com
 
     Wei Wei looked around, and her eyes returned. All the props on the body were emptied, and the clothes were put back on. It's amazing, the power of demons is not something human can contend with, what is he like now?
 
     Wei Wei in the mirror sees that the angle of view of her room has also changed, the mirror she is in has been placed in a corner next to it, facing the door. The puppet outside the mirror is now enjoying the servants serving him meals.
 
     "Damn puppet! This princess is tied up here to suffer, and you are so comfortable!" Wei Wei thought of this, and at the same time recalled how she felt just now, it was awesome. Isn't this what I expected?
 
     The body still can't move at all, what is it like now? Wei Wei had a thought, the dressing mirror from before appeared again, but this time, it appeared on her side, Wei Wei turned her face to look, and the self in the mirror was actually kneeling on the ground, her hands were not the same as before.

Not much, it's just not that tight, but his whole body is tied up on his thighs, his feet are folded, a perfect bound, making Wei Wei unable to move anywhere except her fingers...
 
     "How could it be tied like this?" Twisting herself slightly, it was too tight, and she couldn't turn over even if she wanted to. The kneeling posture made her knees very uncomfortable, and she couldn't move even if she bent her body like this, let alone Said to be freed. This binding method is absolutely impossible, and there is only the last binding method left. I must think of a posture that makes me most comfortable, but tight and difficult to move. Otherwise, you will be tired all at once, and you will feel very uncomfortable.
 
     Just as he was thinking, he suddenly found that the guard Marin came in. He was summoned by the puppet, and the servant also left. Marin didn't know that the princess in front of him was a puppet. He just knelt down faithfully in front of the princess, ready to carry out the orders given by the princess. Task.
 
     "Go look at that mirror and keep staring inside. You can only come if I tell you to come." After the puppet finished speaking, he pointed to the side of the magic mirror, but Wei Wei could only see their movements inside, while Wei Wei Can't hear them talking. It's just strange, why Marin suddenly walked over looking at the mirror.
 
     Then, Marin held the mirror with both hands and looked at it carefully. He thought that the princess had discovered the secret of the mirror, or was he blaming himself that the mirror was a fake? Marin looked into the mirror seriously, but he could only see himself reflected in the mirror and the room behind him.
 
     But Wei Wei in the mirror is different. This embarrassing appearance of myself is completely scrutinized by Marin at close range, ah, I am ashamed! ! Don't look at me, don't! ! Marin kept staring at Wei Wei's place. Although he didn't know it, Wei Wei almost wanted to find a crack in the ground to get in.
 
     "It's embarrassing. Fortunately, there is no such terrible prop to torture me, but if Marin sees that I was tortured by that prop just now..."
 
     "Ah!!!" Before Wei Wei could react, she suddenly felt that strong sense of disobedience in her body came again, why was that prop in her body again, and this time it was actually about the same size? things, one after the other is torturing myself...
 
     "Why, why, I obviously didn't want this, you hateful devil, please explain to me quickly." Wei Wei yelled, although Marin couldn't hear it, but the devil immediately responded to her.
 
     "What you want, you don't need authorization... just imagine..."
 
     "No, I didn't think about wanting this, quickly pull it out for me!" Wei Wei's posture was already shameful, but now she was still splashing water, and, being looked at by Marin like this, she felt as if she wanted to die Now, any princess status is fake, and she is a poor prisoner.
 
     "You have... Even if it's just a flash of thought, I'll let you pretend." After the devil finished answering, Wei Wei was sweating profusely, enduring the intense stimulation and shame here.
 
     "What... I can't even think about it in a flash? Ah, it's too much, why didn't you say it at the beginning. I... I can't do it..."
 
     "You can... use the last position until you are freed, but I... suggest you to try more... because later, it will be cleared..." The devil not only showed no mercy, but even tempted Wei Wei, making her She tried something stronger and more violent, even though she was ashamed and uncomfortable, Wei Wei was still tempted. Yes, that's right, Marin looked at himself, it was really embarrassing, but it also made himself more excited, originally he seemed to be looked at like this, didn't he? Now is the only chance to be a princess in distress with dignity.
 
     "You...I empower you, you control my needs..."
 
     Wei Wei thought in her heart, she gave everything to this devil, in this way, the feeling of the unknown would be better. And the devil just gave a gracious acknowledgment, then fell into a brief silence, and then said, "Please enjoy it slowly..."
 
     Just as Wei Wei was about to post a message, she suddenly found that her mouth was stretched wide open, her jaw hurt, and there was a thick and long thing directly pressing against her throat. what is this? I can't even swallow...it's hard to breathe. What is stuffed in the mouth? Still buckled so tight on the back of the neck! ! Well, head, why is it so tight? ?
 
     Although his eyes could be seen, it was obvious that his head was covered by a hood. But it didn't take away his sight, it just blocked his face. This appearance is not an ordinary embarrassment, but now Wei Wei still meets Marin's eyes.
 
     "Clothes?? My clothes are gone??" Seeing that her clothes were neatly folded in front of her, she blushed slightly, and she was taken off. Naked, ah, I really want to die! ! It was seen by Marin.
 
     The violent vibration behind her was completely different from just now, but it was stronger and made Wei Wei feel even more uncomfortable. His body was also replaced with something more excessive. This thing is actually very free, very regular, once in and out of his body, it is thick and big. From the mirror, it can be seen that this is actually a small machine with movable gears. One end of the machine, the thing that penetrates into my body, is actually the same style as a male! ! That vulgar thing is now rolling under the gears of the machine, wreaking havoc on the noble self...

"I...I'm a noble princess, you devil...you actually asked me to use such a filthy dead thing..." Wei Wei was so angry that her eyes were straight, but she couldn't do anything, she could only use this thing over and over again. Going in and out, I felt a burst of intensity [undescribable]. No way, really no way. I... I am the queen who is about to be crowned! !

Accompanied by unwillingness and a sense of shame, Wei Wei finally got it. This dream was far more exciting than when she was hanging just now [undescribable]. For the first time in so many years, she felt so relaxed, so comfortable, so refreshed. And the one who gave me everything was actually a demon... The exchange condition was just to split a few of my hairs...

"Ah~~ please let me go... I... if I don't stop, I'm going to faint..." The thought in Wei Wei's heart was directly transmitted to the demon, who just responded coldly.

"The last...posture, after changing, all props can be cleared...Think clearly..."

Sure enough, it is a devil, and there is no mercy at all. No, I can't look at Marin anymore, otherwise, my head is so confused that I can't think at all, this time I must choose by myself. Wei Wei thought about it, and the eyes of the hood closed, "What!! I just think about it, but I can't see it anymore. It's a terrible mind reading technique. I must not think about these messy things later."

The thoughts in her head kept spinning, and finally, Wei Wei decided on a look for herself that she wanted to try at the end...

"Your last request... I did receive it..."

After a few seconds, the oppressive feeling wrapped around his head was gone, and the feeling in his body that made him want to die was gone, and everything was as if nothing had happened, except for the rope that was tightly bound on his body.

"It's so tight. With straight arms and elbows, I am much more relaxed in this position. And there is also a way to crawl. It's great that you don't have to be fixed in the same place."

"Then, all your binding wishes... have been fulfilled. You can only find a way to remove the... props added this time. Otherwise, you can only... release them after unbinding. There will be no other removals. Way, add carefully..."

"Well, I know." The whole body is straight with arms and elbows, and the heels are pressed against the position of his wrists, and the ankles are connected by a rope under the crotch. As long as the feet move slightly, they will be pulled to the crotch The rope made me uncomfortable, and the body was tied very, very tightly. From the neck down, almost every joint, except for the fingers, was tightly controlled by the rope. There was absolutely no chance of relief. Even the big toes of both feet were bound together side by side.

Looking at the fitting mirror beside her, Wei Wei's shameful appearance made her feel a bit of peace. Tied up like this, so comfortable. You don't have to think about court struggles or people, you've already been tied up and you can't do anything, and you can do whatever you want in the world. It's just...he...

Marin, he had already left the front of the mirror, and was summoned by the puppet. However, the puppet actually made Marin kneel down, and he lowered his head and kissed him lightly.

"Marin!! You let her kiss you! You..."

The puppet is also himself, exactly the same as himself, how can Marin tell the difference, and this puppet looked at the mirror very proudly, the provocative look in his eyes seemed to tell Wei Wei, the person you like, I am sure.

Then, the puppet ordered Marin to push him, facing Wei Wei's face in the mirror...the two hugged each other hotly on the bed.

"Ah!! Damn it, you are just a puppet, why do you do this! Why do you use the same body as me to do such a thing, this is the person I like, you have no right to touch him!! I am a princess , I order you to stop!!"

Shouting in the mirror, Wei Wei shook her body vigorously, but except for the small range of movement of her lovely feet, Wei Wei couldn't move a single step. Now, she was really excited. Must stop them, must! ! I'm going out, I'm going to untie this damn rope! !

"Demons! Demons!! I've had enough, let me go. I'm getting out. Bring that damn puppet back!"

"No, in the contract... your request is "to let you experience the feeling of being tightly bound and never being rescued", the contract is indeed established, and I have no ability to let you go." The devil is still so cold, but this sentence The words almost broke Wei Wei. Looking at the contract that appeared out of thin air in front of her, Wei Wei's heart turns cold.

"Can't be rescued forever? Do I want to be bound here forever... like this? No way! You are deceiving and misleading!! Damn devil, untie me quickly! Let that damned puppet come back!! Don't touch it Marin! Don't touch him!!"

""When you break free from the bondage, she will return to the mirror again and change identities with you." This is also written in the contract... the book." The devil flashed the words of the contract, It makes Wei Wei almost ashamed...

"I broke free?? This way let me break free?? How could it be possible? I can't even move my fingers! You tied me so tightly!"

"The contract...that's the agreement..."

"You are too much!!!" Wei Wei was furious, seeing Marin and the puppet on the bed had already taken off all their clothes, Wei Wei was really heartbroken, why, why did I order you, you ignored me Don't pay attention, this puppet, you just let it go? If you are willing to tie me up, will I end up in this situation?

Wei Wei leaned forward with all her strength, and although she tried her best, she could only move a few centimeters forward, but maybe when she reached the mirror, it was the exit? The only hope is right in front of him, it is impossible for him to get the help of the devil again. If you want to save yourself, you can only rely on yourself...but...

That puppet of mine, moves so skillfully and has a good figure. I was supposed to be in that position, hugging my beloved, but now, not only was I replaced, but I was also tied up in the mirror to watch them struggle! !

"That's right! Devil, are you still here!!"

	"exist……"

"I'm willing to increase my soul as a price. You help me untie the rope and let me go out." Wei Wei had an idea and came up with this method, but the devil's answer made her despair again.

"The last contract...can only be signed...other contracts..."

"You stupid!! Ahh!! Untie me! Come untie me right away!! I don't want to be tied up like this! Don't look at them like this! I..."

"Wuwuwu, devil... I beg you, please untie me! I was wrong, I was really wrong, I will give you more souls, can you untie me, please...I am a princess, I can't just be like this To be bound here forever..."

The demon didn't respond, however, the movements of the two people outside had completely stopped, they had... finished it... Wei Wei looked at the puppet in anger and hatred, and the puppet also looked at his own person in the mirror, unexpectedly still naked Shaking his body.

"Damn it, you dare to do this without clothes on. If I didn't wear clothes, I would look much better than you..."

Before she finished speaking, Wei Wei's clothes were neatly folded beside her. Now Wei Wei, naked, "No, I'm not going to take off my clothes, you devil, you're too much! Damn it, ignore me, then I just don't talk, let's see what else you can do to me!"

Just after I finished speaking, the terrible feeling in my mouth... ah, I obviously didn't think of this! ! Why put this in my mouth again? ? I... no, I can't breathe, it's so deep, it's so tight...Marin! Marin, save me!

The puppet outside the mirror let Marin lean on the bed with a smile, lying on Marin's legs, and moved his head towards it... Wei Wei could see clearly, but now, he couldn't even scold him...

But when she saw Marin's baby holding her head up again, Wei Wei's mind flashed the scene just now, but it made her almost want to die...

The crotch was once again filled with two things, with strong twisting and vibration, the rope tightly bound Wei Wei's body, and Wei Wei also clamped these two things tightly, feeling that it was pushed deeper. Ahh, don't! don't want! ! Why, why should I be treated like this! ! I am a princess! Princess! Everyone should respect me, I am not a prisoner, you can't tie me like this! You can't ravage me like this! !

Wei Wei doesn't have the strength to crawl forward now, these two things have made Wei Wei spray and get excited how many times. The anxiety in my heart has completely dispelled my initial desire to bind. I don't want it, I don't want it! ! ! Malin! Malin! !

Almost lost all hope, Wei Wei's struggles are so futile. However, Marin finally walked in front of the magic mirror again under the instructions of the puppet.

"Ah~ Marin, did you hear my call? I am the real Princess Weiwei, save me quickly, break this mirror and rescue me!!"

However, Marin smiled at the mirror in the mirror, held the mirror with both hands, gently placed it face down on the ground, and then pushed it under the bed...

"NO!! NO!!! Don't do this to me!!!"

In an instant, it was pitch black outside the mirror. Although you can see things in this space, except for a dressing mirror, there is nothing but nothing here! ! I was still bound to the limit, my hands and feet had already lost consciousness, and no one could help me. Don't dare to think wildly, otherwise, more terrifying props will be added to me...

"Don't! It's terrible! It's terrible!! Everyone is good, please come and save me quickly!! I don't want to see this horrible place!!

don't want! ! "

As soon as Wei Wei's thoughts surfaced, her vision... was plunged into darkness again... Her eyes were also wrapped so that she couldn't see anything...