//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

"Your Majesty, are you sure? Once this lock is fastened, it will never be taken off!" A white-haired old man, bent over, held a strange lock, kneeling on a majestic behind the man.

"For the traitors, don't let them have any hope. At least, I have spared her life! Pass my order! Give the leader of the rebel army who participated in this rebellion this sealing wheel!"

"Your Majesty, but...she is your...princess..."

"The person who betrayed me is the same! Do you still ask for mercy? Teacher?"

"Yes! Your Majesty, minister... let's go..."

In the prison, a girl with a grimy body but a pretty face was leaning against the straw pile. She didn't have any skin trauma on her body, but her breathing was disordered, and she seemed to be poisoned. She opened her tired eyes, didn't say a word to the people around her, just kept trying to find a way to restore some vitality to herself.

Her flowing blond hair is now a little messy, and her weak temperament can make people see that she was once noble. She is the leader of the rebels - Meria. Of course, she was also the youngest daughter of the king and his favorite concubine. Since childhood, the king loved her the most.

Originally, the king was a wise king who cared about the people, but the years of continuous wars before made King Nake's heart of embracing the world gradually cold and shattered. Even though he has won most of the country now, he has not allowed himself to change back to the benevolent king he was before. The current him is so cruel and vicious that almost no one around him dares to speak out.

He no longer has the kind of compassion he used to have for the people. In order to increase military spending and protect his own country, all kinds of exorbitant taxes and miscellaneous taxes were ruthlessly passed under his seal. The people are miserable, and the kind-hearted Princess Meria has asked the king countless times. Now that the war has been calmed down for several years, the people should be restored to life. And this time, for the first time, she was slapped by this loving father who loved her since childhood...

There are more and more citizens who have been displaced because of the coercive policy. The princess can only put herself in danger, hoping to join the rebel army to enlighten her father, so that her beloved father can wake up in time and change. Back to the gentle king before. However, she underestimated her father's determination to suppress the rebellion.

Possesses powerful magical abilities, but is unwilling to harm any people, of course, including the king's soldiers. Although under the unanimous recommendation of everyone, Meria became the leader of the rebel army, but this made her even more embarrassed. On the one hand, they love their own people. On one side is his own father. At this time, Meria knew what it means to be involuntary. As the leader of the rebel army, the enemy she has to deal with is actually her own father!

This made the strong Meria cry almost every night. Although the rebels also fought with the king's army, the results were mixed, but the people really had no way to go on like this. She finally proposed that she hoped to have a negotiation with the king, that is, her father. It is hoped that the taxation of the people will be reduced, and then the rebels will not make certain concessions, so that such things will gradually fade away.

When she came to her familiar home, this castle, Meria had a lot of feelings. Every plant and tree here has grown up with her, and everyone here can call out her honorable title. How painful it is to fight against your own family. However, Meria has persisted for more than two years for the people of the country...

………………

…………

...

"I'm finally back..." Touching the familiar wall of the palace with her hands, Melia's tears were already rolling in her eyes. The chief guard, who watched her grow up, knelt down respectfully in front of her, and told Melia, His Majesty the King. If you want to see her, see you right away. Hearing this, Meria could no longer hide her inner excitement. She came to the palace and saw her father sitting majestically in front of her, but her father's temples had already Gray, it's only been two years, father, why are you so old...?

"You still have the face to come back!" The king yelled at Meria. This is not facing the rebel leader who has been hostile to him, but this is facing his daughter who loves the most but has done something wrong, "You... …you……"

"Father!" Meria saluted the king. Her identity at the moment is the leader of the rebel army, not a daughter. She also has her own difficulties. If she hadn't chosen this path herself, she really wanted to rush He went to his father's arms, cried loudly, and told all his grievances. She never thought of betraying her father, but she really couldn't see that the life of the people was in dire straits.

"It's good to be back... It's good for you to come back... Unfilial daughter, can I have another meal with my father tonight? Others, we can talk... tomorrow, okay? Daughter, just treat it as... …I beg you……"

"..." Countless things I wanted to say have already been swallowed. How can Meria say it now? Even if he is pleading for the people, the old king in front of him is also his father. The person who loves me the most...

"Quick! Tell the cook to cook some of the princess' favorite dishes, and bring me the jar of wine that I have treasured!!"

Seeing that Melia did not reject him, the king was very happy, and immediately ordered his servants, and then, a warm and sumptuous dinner was served between the father and daughter. And, of course, the jug of wine. The dishes are not complicated, but very tasty. After suffering for so long, she can finally have a good meal. Moreover, seeing the loving father in front of her, Meria finally couldn't bear it anymore. Tears from the bank burst slanted down. Kneeling in front of her father, she just kept crying and kept crying. cry……

"Silly daughter, really silly daughter, don't cry, you are now...a person with dignity. I don't allow you to be so weak! Otherwise, you are not worthy to be my opponent!"

"Father, Father, I'm sorry...I'm sorry..." Lying on her father's lap, Meria finally felt the love of her father after more than two years, but this feeling was really too long...

"No apologies, you should be honored to be able to deal with my army for so long! You are my proudest daughter!" The king stroked Meria's head, his eyes filled with love, "Have a good drink with me, Since your mother... left, I have never had wine with anyone else..."

	"yes!"

After drinking a glass of sweet wine, Melia hugged her father. Under the king's gesture, Melia sat back in her seat and ate the food that she never forgot. The feeling of home...really... real……

"??"

………………

…………

...

After a period of dizziness, he woke up again, and he was already in the prison. What? What's going on? Can't use my magic? I should be having dinner with my father, who dares to plot against me? Could it be...

"Your Highness, the old minister is terrified. Although it was His Majesty's idea, the person who added forbidden powder to your wine is the old man." The old man took the sealing wheel, accompanied by the guards, and walked to the door of the cell where the princess was held. "Banning powder will cause you to temporarily lose your magical ability. The subordinates you brought have already been executed by His Majesty."

"What... what!!" Meria sat up weakly, but now she could do nothing but question, "Why...you want...to do this!"

"Melia, the leader of the rebel army, is here to bring you this forever...sealed wheel by the order of His Majesty the King!" The old man took out the sealed wheel that he had taken from the king with slightly trembling hands, Unexpectedly, the first person who became a victim of Fenglun was actually the princess whom he had taught since childhood and loved him so much...

"Sealing wheel?? No...don't. Father... why did father treat me like this..." Meria couldn't believe her ears. Once the sealing wheel was put on, as long as she was alive, she would never be able to take it off . Not only will it seal all my spells, but it will also make me into a posture of being imprisoned forever. In other words, I will lose all my freedom! Forever.

The cell door opened, and the old man glared at the soldiers who dared not go forward, and told them to push the princess down on the floor. Turning back Meria's hands, the old man took the sealing wheel and walked in step by step, "Princess! Forgive me! Forgive me!"

"No...no...don't!!!" The fear in Meria's eyes made her finally understand that she... in the eyes of her father, the identity of a daughter is far less important than the leader of the rebel army, and she wants to stabilize the high-handed rule The best way is not to negotiate, but to put myself, the rebel leader under house arrest for a long time... The leaderless rebels will be ruthlessly wiped out...

"Crack!"

The closure of the sealing wheel took away all freedom and hope of Meria. This sealing wheel is made of a special magic that cannot be found in the mainland. Although it is a product of magic, it can completely suppress all the sources of magic power of the sealed person. To untie it, the wearer must use a very powerful magical force to untie it, and external magic has no effect on it. But people whose magic power has been suppressed to almost zero cannot use powerful magic power to hedge against it. Therefore, this sealing wheel has no solution at all.

Meria's hands were handcuffed side by side by the sealing wheel. Although this group of sealing wheels has completely suppressed Meria's ability and restricted the freedom of her hands. But the king was not going to let her go like this. The old man used a larger sealing wheel to buckle directly on Meria's neck. Then, with the help of the guards, he crossed Meria's feet and sealed her ankles. The wheels are locked together.

"No! My father won't treat me like this!! You... You guys are the ones who commit the crime!! Untie me! Untie me!!"

"Shut up! You are the leader of the rebel army. The reason why the king left you alive is already taking into account the relationship between father and daughter!"

After all, a thin chain connected the sealing wheel of Meria's neck to the ankle. The material of this chain is also the same, and it can no longer be untied. And the chain is very short, only about 20 cm. At this moment, Meria was bent, her body was curled up, and it was difficult to lift her head. Two lines of teardrops kept rolling in the eye sockets. Under the intense struggle, the sealing wheel was also handcuffed to his waist, and it was tightly locked together with the sealing wheel on his wrist. Meria's wrist could no longer be separated from his waist...

"You... You must die!! I am a princess! Not a prisoner! Untie me quickly! Give me back my freedom!!!"

The weeping Meria didn't notice at all that her father had actually been standing in the shadows outside the prison door, secretly watching everything that happened here...

The guard knelt down and apologized to Princess Melia, while shaking his head and retreated. The old man caressed the face of the princess who was already pale from crying, didn't say much, just sighed regretfully, and left the cell. Of course he was in pain, because the princess grew up with all her magical abilities under the tutelage of this old man. Now, not only must he personally seal all the spells he gave to the princess, but he also has to personally seize the princess's freedom forever and imprison her. .

After everyone left, Meria struggled hard, but it was futile. Her magic power was temporarily suppressed under the effect of the medicine, but now she was wearing this sealing wheel that could never be removed, and was completely imprisoned. With such a posture, Meria's life was already worse than death, but at this time, the king finally came out and saw the princess who was imprisoned forever by his own order in the cell, but he was unmoved.

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

"Father!! Father!! My daughter knows her mistake!! Father, please, let them untie this for me."

Seeing the king walking in, the princess cried even more. At this time, she was completely a daughter who had done something wrong and was punished, and she didn't even have the temperament of a rebel leader.

"Your identity as the leader of the rebel army is much more important than the identity of the princess. The emperor has no choice but to do this." The foreigner knelt on one knee in front of Meria. Only by lowering his posture like this can he face Meria face to face. Because, Meria can only sit cross-legged on the ground now, and can't lift her head very much.

"Father!!! My daughter has been away from you for so many years, but I have been working hard to restore the relationship between the royal family and the people. Not only have I prevented many civil wars, but I have rarely resisted the king's army head-on. My purpose is to For the sake of the royal family! Now everyone can negotiate a peaceful settlement of domestic disputes, which is the best result. Why are you not only refusing to accept it, but also so cruel, using this to lock me up. Make me lose my freedom forever? I am your most beloved daughter Ah!! Father!!"

Melia's hysterical cries did not arouse the cruel king's heart at all. The king slowly took out a circular lock, which was relatively thin, but there was a metal ring in the middle of the lock, which was not too big or small, about five centimeters in size. The king took out this thing and waved it in front of Meria. Meria didn't know what it was either, she had never seen it. He just looked at the king suspiciously.

"Finally, call me father." The king majestically stroked Meria's head. Then, he grabbed her hair with his hands and pulled her head up. Under the pressure of the sealing wheel on the neck, this action made Meria very uncomfortable.

"Father...what on earth are you going to do?"

"!!"

Before the words were finished, the metal ring was pressed into Meria's mouth and stuck behind her teeth. Meria couldn't spit it out because it was completely hollow, and not only could her tongue not touch it. Something, on the contrary, protruded from the metal ring. This thing is an opener. When the clasp closed on the back of Meria's head, Meria couldn't even close her mouth, and her tongue could only stick out. It was so uncomfortable, like this. Could it be... this one too? ?

"This is the latest sealing wheel. Its only function is to seal a person's language. Baby girl, now, you will no longer be able to communicate with anyone."

"Hmm???" Meria was startled, desperately trying to say something, but found that she could still groan with unknown meaning.

Too much, too much! Even though my freedom has been taken away, my language is also taken away. Father, do you hate me so much? Do you hate everyone so much? You can do this to me, no wonder you are so cruel to your people... At this time, Meria really shed tears of remorse, she completely overestimated the role of family affection in the face of power. At this moment, she is just... a tool used by the king to destroy the rebel army.

"Good girl, since you gave me such a big gift, I will also give you a gift in return. Don't you really feel strange? Why do I suddenly want to be so cruel to the people? Why can the problem be solved peacefully now? At that time, you want to completely sink you, the only hero who can save the country?"

"Hmm!!" Meria could do nothing but shake her head, and could only look at the familiar stranger in fear.

"Now, I'm not afraid to tell you." The king put his mouth to Meria's ear and whispered softly, "Because

Your father died a long time ago. My purpose is to destroy all the living forces in this country. Let my true motherland unify this continent. "

After all, the king tore off the human skin mask on his face, and Meria saw it clearly. It turned out that the person he had always thought was his father was actually a general of a hostile country. They used such despicable means , seized their own country, in order to let the country perish, they randomly executed heroes, all kinds of taxes made the people miserable, and they continued to promote civil wars, so all the truth is like this! too despicable! Really mean! !

"The last one to be executed is that old ghost. Don't worry, he brought you this sealing wheel, and I will avenge you, lovely princess, ahahahaha!!!!"

After putting on the mask, the king stood up with a wild laugh and left the prison, not forgetting to ask the guards around him to take the princess to his room at night. You have to "talk by candlelight" with your beloved daughter, so that she can fully understand the mistakes she has made.

"Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!! Even knowing all the plots, I have no ability to stop them. Can't even say it.

No wonder you want to imprison yourself with such a despicable means. Second, the rebel army can be completely suppressed, and even in some respects, the rebel army can be completely taken down without bloodshed. Second, he can use himself as a sign to warn members of the royal family, so that everyone must work hard under his high-pressure policy. The most important thing is that I have lost all the ability to resist now, and I need others to take care of me even for a meal. Taking myself to his room, the result can be imagined... Even if I have suffered any harm, it can be said to punish my disobedient daughter, even if I am polluted, there is no way to confide in others... ...everything... is it really over?

"I must find a way... to convey this terrible conspiracy... definitely..."

Even though he thought so, all the joints in his body were completely restrained. As long as he wanted to use magic, his whole body would be in pain from the sealing wheel, which was unbearable. What I express, no one can understand at all. what to do? What should I do? ? Is it really... really that's the only way to go, watching this despicable person destroy his country and hurt important people around him, can he still use various methods to humiliate himself?

Just when Melia was impatient, the guards came in, and the two put Melia on a cart and told her, "His Majesty the King said that he couldn't bear to see the princess suffer in prison, so let us send you to his prison." room, he hopes to slowly enlighten you."

"Yeah yum yum!!" I don't want to, I don't want to go! You guys, don't be fooled, he is not a king, he is a fake! is our enemy, he will only destroy our country. What he wants is to insult me, so don't send me there.

In the eyes of the guards, the princess's meaningless struggle was already an act of a naughty daughter who wanted to avoid punishment. Although the king's punishment of Meria made the guards feel a little too much. But after all, this is a major national event and a private matter of the royal family, and no one has the right to intervene.

The princess was placed on a sofa in the middle of the room designated by the king, and the guards retreated. The servants were sorry to see the princess like this, but they were unable to liberate the princess. Although Meria was crying slowly, everyone obeyed the king. According to the instructions, Melia washed the stains on her body, took off all her clothes, and put a shawl on her. Then, everyone left.

In the room, Melia was crying alone, she was so painful, so helpless, and so sad. But all of this is meaningless. The fake king had already come behind him, pulled off the shawl from Meria's body, and looked at this perfect body, this girl who had no ability to resist.

"It's so beautiful. If it wasn't for what I did, you should still be living happily in this castle, my lord princess, waiting for the upcoming Prince Charming."

The fake king pinched Meria's breasts from behind, tender and flicking. He also squeezed twice, "It's great, I've been waiting for this day. Beautiful princess, my lovely daughter, hahahaha."

"Enen!!" She shook her body vigorously, but it was completely useless. Meria, who had no ability to resist, could only endure the humiliation of being ravaged by this fake king, and silently shed painful tears.

"This thing is too much of a hindrance." The false king tore off the mask, his rough and greedy distorted expression made Meria wish to eat his flesh alive! It's a pity that the current Meria can only open her mouth, with silver threads flowing down her tongue.

"I'm still drooling when you see me, haha, my sweet baby. It seems that you want to taste my baby too."

"Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

"Come on, you're welcome, you see your tongue is sticking out!"

This disgusting thing had already reached Meria's mouth. The fake king grabbed Meria's hair, raised her head to just the right angle, and directly put his filthy thing on Meria's mouth. Tongue, making Meria feel sick.

"Ugh..."

After retching twice, Meria couldn't move at all, with tears in his eyes, the fake king forced his baby through the metal ring and stabbed it straight into his mouth. Hateful, hateful! ! Make yourself like this, the enemy of your own country, the enemy of the royal family! At this moment, not only can I not kill him, I can't hurt him, on the contrary, I have to... use my noble body to serve him, let him turn himself into a tool to vent his anger...

Meria wanted to try to bite him hard with his teeth, but he couldn't do it at all, because the ring was very suitable for opening Meria's mouth, and there was no way to close it at all. Zai Zai's neck was restrained, his hair was still pulled, his head couldn't shake, even if he wanted to sprain him, he couldn't do it...

She has never been so helpless before, except for her eyes closed and tears, Meria can only endure this strong nausea that her mouth twitches back and forth. The thing in her mouth was getting faster and more rude, and Meria knew that something she didn't even want to die was coming soon.

"It's great, it's great! My lord princess, ahaha!"

Holding Meria's head with both hands, the fake king's movements became faster and faster, almost every time, it hit his throat, making Meria die. Finally, a powerful jet, with the extremely disgusting stench, It was sent directly into Meria's throat...

"Cough cough... vomit..."

Seeing Meria's exaggerated expression, the fake king didn't let her relax at all. Instead, he pinched her face and forced Meria to swallow it whole, "When you're hungry, this is what you'll eat."

These words made Melia really desperate. Is there really any chance of being rescued? In this state, there is no way for them to end their lives. They can easily fill their stomachs with food. Can't bite his tongue, can't do any harm to himself. Can you only... use this humiliating posture until the end of the world?

Disheartened and completely broken down, Meria finally stopped crying. She had given up hope for anything. Really, don't hold out hope anymore...

Even if she was carried on the bed by the fake king and tortured herself wantonly, even if she was stuffed into her crotch with something that she couldn't bear, even if she told herself that she would put herself in a prison car like this and go parading through the streets... Melia's heart can no longer stir up any waves... She wants to die, but life is worse than death...

………………

…………

...

With Meria imprisoned, the rebels who followed were executed. In the short three months that followed, the fake king intensified his brutal suppression of the rebels. They had no leader at all, and thought that the dispute could be resolved peacefully. The suppressors will put Meria, who is naked and eternally imprisoned, in a cage on the main battlefield, so that all the rebels can see her end. Even if it is the princess, the result of the judgment is just like this. This move not only restrained the rebels from resisting with all their strength, but also destroyed their last hope and will.

Every time they were beaten and fled, they were defeated and lost their helmets and armor, causing countless casualties. All of this, Melia saw it all, and it hurt in her heart. Seeing the king who was personally conquered, seeing her own people being treated so cruelly under such despicable means, and the country being torn apart, Melia felt unspeakable pain in her heart. Apart from being heartbroken and crying, Melia's only hope is the old man, because he is the number one magician in the court. Even if he developed the sealing wheel, he is the only one who can remove the sealing wheel for himself. But he is absolutely loyal to the king, he doesn't know that the king is fake. I can't convey this information to him myself...

And here, there is no hope, not at all. Because the fake king, after completely annihilating the rebels, put his arms around Meria on the bed, tortured her with his own hateful thing, and told Meria the news of the old man's death... yes, he did it. Until the last moment, the old man couldn't believe that the king would treat him like this...

This news completely shattered Meria's last illusion. After being imprisoned for so long, Meria's body should have been weak by now. But the fake king has always asked his confidant wizard to adjust a potion for Meria to keep Meria's body alive and make her everything as before. The fake king wants to let Meria see the day he succeeds with his own eyes, and use such despicable mental torture to directly destroy Meria's heart.

After the rebels were dealt with, they began to clean up the interior of the palace. All former members of the royal family and those who were loyal to the country were all executed under various names in just two months. Every time, the king personally judged, and Melia was imprisoned beside her, placed in a cage, naked, with a breast bell on her chest. The crotch will also be stuffed full for her. Let her use this method to watch her important people being executed one by one, and she feels a little bit helpless...

In the end, even his last bodyguard was murdered, Meria, shed all tears, everything was caused by his own stupidity. It is Merria's fault for allowing the false king to destroy his country so easily, and for this demon to treat his citizens so easily and cruelly.

Now, the people of the country are in dire straits, and even children are not spared. This group of demons in human skin are still squeezing the last trace of blood and sweat from the country and the people. But I can only be imprisoned in the fake king's room, unable to do anything, and numb to everything.

"How about it, my lovely princess."

He held Meria in his arms, with her back to him, and sat between his legs. That thick thing is still moving in Meria's body.

"..." At this moment, Meria's heart had already been closed. Even if she didn't have the sealing wheel in her mouth, she wouldn't be able to speak, and she didn't even respond to external stimuli.

"It's really indifferent, and I don't even look at how long we've been together. After it's done, I want to take you back to my country and continue this life with you forever. Are you happy? Hahahaha."

She pinched Meria's chest hard, but Meria didn't struggle any more. For her, going there was all hell. Only eternal liberation is the best result for Meria. Seeing that Melia had become like this, the fake king slowly lost interest.

For so long, he was like playing with a puppet, and the fake king was getting a little tired of Meria. If she hadn't been concerned about her status as a princess, she might have thought of throwing her somewhere to fend for herself. But, does the current self really need this puppet? Now that you're tired of playing, throw it away.

The country was completely destroyed, the people were displaced, and after the rebel army was wiped out, no one was able to resist the king's army anymore. Bandits are raging everywhere, especially now many rising stars, occupying the mountain as king, robbing money, and all kinds of small-scale riots abound. And all of this, Melia can only see it in the eyes, and can't even cry for them, "I really, just want to be relieved..."

Finally, the country was completely ruined, and Meria lost all usefulness. The false king did not harm Meria before withdrawing with his men. After all, even holding a stone for so long, there is still some emotion. But he was also unwilling to continue on the road with Meria, for on the road, such a burden would be fatal. Simply, he asked his subordinates to put Meria on this rare mountain road in the middle of the road.

Meria, who was naked and sitting cross-legged on the ground, finally got rid of the fake king. It is better to get rid of it completely and fend for itself here than to be humiliated like this for a lifetime. Not far away is a cliff, although I don't know if it is high or not, but if I fall like this, I will be relieved soon. Meria moved her body slightly, smiling, and let herself slowly move towards the edge of the cliff. She had had enough of this life. Without dignity, freedom, and communication, you are just a conscious object that can be disposed of at will.

Still a little away from the cliff, Melia recalled her childhood, her home, her people. Her lacrimal glands, which had already dried up, became moist again. Father, everyone, here I come. It's all my fault, I screwed up everything... But please be there, accept me anyway...

Within a short distance of 20 meters, Meria moved for a long time, out of breath. After all, she hadn't moved her body for too long. Although under the influence of the wizard's potion, Meria's body functions did not decline, but after all, she had not been active for a long time. His physical strength simply cannot keep up with such activities.

After the last effort, Meria finally came to the edge of the cliff. She maintained the posture of being imprisoned in a cross-legged position by the sealing wheel, and looked down. Didn't she think that she would leave this world in such a humiliating way? Anyway, this skin should also be given up. It's just that in that world, she may no longer be a princess, but it doesn't matter. Because, being able to completely get rid of the current state is already very satisfying...

Pushing her head down hard, Meria's body slammed down heavily. Just when she closed her eyes and felt that she was finally relieved, a thick and powerful hand grabbed her from behind...

"What a beautiful girl, follow me back to the mountain and be my woman!! Hahahaha!"

Several thieves appeared behind Meria, looking at the naked Meria who was imprisoned so that he could not move, but calm, the bandits laughed. Under the command of the boss, everyone carried Meria on the ground. Get on the cart and walk to their base camp. Looking at this group of unkind people, Meria knew very well that she was not yet free, and her imprisonment was far from over...