//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com
In the crowded exhibition hall, perhaps because of the weekend, there are much more people here than usual. Various business promotions, various games, and various delicacies in the venue attracted a large number of citizens to enjoy life here.

Of course, among so many merchants participating in the exhibition, this strange glass merchant at the entrance is the most eye-catching. On their display stand, apart from laying some symbolic wooden floors, there is not even a background wall or company introduction. Just put a room made of glass covering an area of about two square meters on the wooden floor, no entry

The mouth, said to be a room, is actually more like a hollow space surrounded by glass pillars.

This glass room is like a box, a cube structure with a height of three meters and a width of about 1.5 meters. The space inside should also be large, but from the outside, it looks like four pieces of floor-to-ceiling glass are surrounded together. It is airtight, and from a distance, the glass presents a very comfortable light green color, which is the same on all sides. There is a cordon on the ground

, separated the Bo room from the crowd by about fifty centimeters. In the four corners of the glass house, there are four handsome men in suits standing in four different places. They all wore sunglasses and stood with their hands behind their backs. Very majestic and handsome, they saw so many people gathered around, hoping to find out what was going on in this glass room,

But they never spoke to anyone, nor did they answer any questions.

The organizer of this business put up a sign next to each man in a suit. The content described above is simply that this is a one-way glass. The inside can see the outside clearly, and the outside can never see the inside. If someone You can see through the glass what is inside, and you can get a big reward and so on.

There is also a ballot box next to it. Three days later, the lottery will be drawn. Anyone will ask the two female staff members standing next to get the prize ticket, fill in their name, phone ID number, and what they see inside. Seeing that the grand prize is the right to use a family car for one year or it can be discounted at the equivalent vehicle rental amount,

Now there are more people around.

This is a big prize! The lottery was drawn on the spot, so many people hoped to get a windfall here. Many people gathered around, hoping to see the honor of the items inside, but no matter how hard they tried, at this distance, they could only see themselves reflected on the mirror. You can't really see it through the glass. Of course, for

In order to prove the authenticity of this event, on the first day of the exhibition, the merchant specially placed a separate glass next to the site so that people can watch it at a close distance. Although there is also a cordon, but from the front, the glass room next to it is completely unharmed, but when I walked to the back of the glass, I was surprised to find that there was no reflection at all.

, almost 100% transparent state. From the back, the front is clearly visible, just with a hint of light green color.

"It's amazing, this material." Many people admire the development of science and technology, imagining that such materials can create more private spaces. Of course, there are also many people who like to argue, saying that this kind of material has been popularized for a long time, and this is just repeating the same old tune.

However, more people stopped here because they hoped to guess what was in the glass room. Everyone stood here and watched very seriously, and many people took out their mobile phones to take pictures, and there were all kinds of discussions. The atmosphere outside the arena was very lively. Of course, for Xirou in this glass room, this was completely a

kind of torment...

………………

…………

...

At that time, in order to repay the debts owed by her newlywed husband due to all kinds of extravagant activities, Xi Rou took advantage of her position and cruelly embezzled millions of funds from the company to fill up all the debt holes for her husband. It will get worse, as long as Xirou doesn't get herself a large sum of money on time every month

For squandering funds, he ranged from verbal abuse to severe blows. Xirou made the wrong payment, but the money that has been embezzled is not something that someone who has just graduated can't make up for it.

Xirou regrets her husband treating her like this. If I hadn't believed in the dissuasion of my family and friends, and insisted on marrying this marriage without any blessings, I wouldn't have become what I am now. Xirou didn't dare to confess to the company, because in this way, her life would be ruined. Not only may he be arrested, but his bright future

, will go away forever. But on the other side, it is the husband who treats himself as a cash cow endlessly. Unexpectedly, at such a young age, I would be dragged down by such an abominable man for a lifetime, but my intestines were full of remorse, and it was useless. I was afraid of marrying the wrong man, and my ancestors' reprimand was very right.

In just six months from the beginning to now, Xi Rou has embezzled more than three million public funds. This is money that she may not be able to earn in her entire life. Caught in a dilemma between the company and her family, Xi Rou even thought of dying. However, just when my husband owed too much money and beat up the people who came to collect the money in arrogance, he was caught by a group of social organizations.

The gangster beat her husband up in front of her, and Xirou saw that the person who took the lead in beating her husband was actually the best friend of the company boss's son and one of the shareholders of her company. She has seen this man many times. And the husband yelled without hesitation, "My wife is an accountant of a big company, and she came here with a flick of money. I owe you the money, and I will share it with you."

Minutes back to you, let me go! Otherwise, I have you look good. "

Seeing her stupid husband expose herself like this, Xirou's heart was ashamed, she just watched the corner of the young man's mouth slightly raised, and asked his subordinates to beat Xirou's husband again, and then brought his mouth close to Xirou's ear , and left her a sentence that made her think nothing of it, "The money you took away, be prepared to pay it back with your life. If you don't want to

Die, come to my office to find me tomorrow! This is my phone number, be sensible. "

These people left, leaving behind Xirou who knelt on the ground and wanted to cry without tears. This was the first time she hated this man who tricked her into getting married with sweet words for the first time. In the past, she was afraid of him, afraid of being hurt by him, afraid of being scolded by him. But this time, seeing this man's useless face, he still smiled at his lost self

Xirou is really ruthless to the bone for flattering her. I never thought that my perfect life would be ruined by a villain like you! You still want to ask me for money? Can't you see that I'm in danger now? dare you laugh! you laugh! ! ! You've been married for so long, you don't do anything, you go out to play every day, have you ever worried about me? so much money for you, thank you

Have you passed me? Have you thought about how I will live in the future? You're a scoundrel, but I'm not! I am not! ! !

Xi Rou finally broke out. Looking at this disgusting man, she waved the ashtray in her hand... When she woke up, her husband had already lost consciousness and was lying in a pool of blood. Fortunately, the ambulance arrived in time...

Xirou, who came out of the hospital, cried all the time in the rain... She even walked to the bridge, looking at the surging river below, Xirou hesitated for a long time, she thought of her family far away. Yes, I am not afraid of death anymore, what else is there to be afraid of. Gathering up my mood, I called the young man. On the other end of the phone, many

In front of the panting girl, the young man yelled impatiently, telling Xirou to go to the company to find her on time tomorrow morning, and don't do anything bad now.

The roar gave Xi Rou some relief. She returned home and slept all night trembling. To the outside world, she lied that her husband was injured when he fell and hit the ashtray. Now her husband has not woken up yet. Come here, although it is dangerous to lose strength, but as soon as he wakes up, he will come to revenge himself soon. this kind of desperation

The feeling of no way out makes Xirou extremely painful... If it wasn't for her concern for her family, she would have committed suicide a long time ago.

The next day, she came to the young man's office as promised, and young people don't come here often. However, the decoration is very luxurious and full of bad taste. It's a pity that Rou is not interested in appreciating it anymore, she just looks at the young man sitting in the middle of the office.

"Xi Rou, the company's accountant, who has just joined the company for less than a year, has secretly appropriated more than three million yuan in the company's funds. Do you know what this means?" The young man read the information in his hand.

"Mr. Zeng, how do you want to punish me? Please tell me directly. All the money was embezzled for my rascal husband. Although I regret it to the utmost. But I have no intention of defending myself. I will bear all the responsibilities and consequences for my Stupid and responsible." Xirou is very clear that this President Zeng takes all black and white and is powerful, even though he is only two years older than herself,

But he and himself are not from the same world at all. If I caused such a big trouble, I should be honest and responsible. It's no use begging for forgiveness.

"Listen to me, you, a new accountant, can actually embezzle more than 3 million yuan in the company's funds in half a year, which shows that the company's financial system has a considerable loophole. It can be regarded as a serious background problem in the company, so I will not kill you like before. You can rest assured." After speaking, this President Zeng stood up.

Standing up, she threw the documents in Xirou's hands.

"But sin is always a sin. For you, you won't earn the three million yuan in your lifetime, but for me, it's just pocket money for a period of time. I don't care about it at all."

As soon as these words came out, Xirou already knew what the difference in status was, so she could only listen to Mr. Zeng and continue to say, "I will fill up your hole, and I will also fill up your hole on your husband's side." Will settle you down, but you are mine now. Not my woman, just an object of mine. Because of your looks that make you have this

qualifications. Got it? "

"..."

What else can Xirou say, don't regard herself as a person, but just an object? It's better than carrying so many debts, not only being imprisoned, but also the husband who made her lose all hope... Xirou paused, then nodded in agreement.

"I'm not asking if you agree or not, I'm just telling you." But Mr. Zeng is more direct, that kind of natural domineering, let Xirou actually have a...very strange liking for him. Perhaps, being conquered by such a man is his dream.

In this way, under the order of President Zeng, Xirou took off her clothes and looked at the pile of ropes that President Zeng threw in front of her. Interesting, she knew that she would not be so easy.

The rope was tied very tightly, and it tied Xirou up high, just like Mr. Zeng said, he didn't treat Xirou as a woman at all, but just an object, and there was no need for pity. The rope was pulled into the flesh, but Mr. Zeng still tried his best to tighten the knot for himself. Then, Mr. Zeng directly pinched Xirou's chest with his hands, "

Not bad, it seems that there is something to play..."

Mr. Zeng directly picked up Xirou and threw him into the back room. Under such rude treatment, Xirou had no complaints. Because although my husband has never tied himself up, he usually beats and scolds him even more excessively. For such treatment, Xirou felt that she could still bear it.

"Huh? Keep quiet? Others may have wanted to cry a long time ago." Seeing Xi Rou's performance, Mr. Zeng was also very surprised, because he didn't think any girl would not beg for mercy after being tortured like this for the first time, " Do you have experience?"

"I... just an object, that's all." Xirou didn't know why she blurted out this sentence, maybe in front of this handsome and young domineering president who has forgiven her more than 3 million debts, she has found a kind of love instead. Feel safe.

These words completely aroused Mr. Zeng's interest in Xirou. He also let go of his identity, folded and tied Xirou's feet with ropes, and directly tried this new item. It's tender, smooth, and maintained like new. It seems that it has not been tossed too much, and it is still the best. Awesome, the three million is worth the money.

"Ahh~ good~ so big..."

Xirou yelled unconsciously, which made Mr. Zeng frowned. It was just an object, but it could still make a sound? And Xirou was used to watching her husband's words and expressions. She knew very well what Mr. Zeng's eyes meant, so she immediately bit her lower lip hard so that she would not speak unconsciously no matter what. This move made Mr. Zeng quite satisfied.

"That's right, you're the best thing I've seen so far." The expressionless compliment made Xirou feel a lot of satisfaction in her heart, ah, why, why didn't I come to surrender earlier, maybe sooner Then you can get rid of the previous life called every day should not be.

Mr. Zeng was so strong that he insisted on torturing Xirou for nearly an hour before stopping. However, Xirou, who was out of breath, really felt the joy of being a woman this time. It's just that I didn't expect that now I no longer have the identity of a woman, but just an object. But if she can be satisfied like this forever in the future, Xi Rou is willing to become an object.

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

"You know what to do." Untiing Xirou's feet, Mr. Zeng sat on the bed, let Xirou kneel between his legs, and supported her head with his hands.

Xirou nodded, and directly wrapped her mouth around Mr. Zeng's already weak baby. The thing that was so powerful just now has become so cute at this moment... However, I have no right to judge the owner. As an object, or even a tool, Xirou does not feel that there is anything wrong with her now, but feels a little gratified. If it's just as a punishment for causing a catastrophe and wrongful payment of one's heart, then it's really too slight.

Although I don't like to do it, my husband forced me to do it before. But always Xirou is quite repulsive to such things, but she has no choice, even if she is not an object of Mr. Zeng, just because her hands are tied, she has already lost the right to speak. She can only follow the other party's request, but this time, Xirou really hopes to use her clumsy skills to arouse Mr. Zeng's interest.

The tongue was circling around randomly, although this thing was in his mouth, but he was not very good at handling it at all. After fiddled with it for a while, Mr. Zeng still didn't respond, and even slowly let go of the hand holding his head, Xi Rou Almost crying. She didn't even know why she hated herself so much for not being able to use her mouth.

"Forget it, I can't do this little thing well, get up."

Seeing Mr. Zeng pushing her away gently, Xi Rou wanted to beg him to give her another chance, but she still couldn't speak, she just wanted to cry. Seeing her like this, Mr. Zeng's serious expression also slowed down a bit. After all, Xi Rou didn't pretend, it was an expression of her true feelings.

Xirou knelt in front of Mr. Zeng, without saying a word, just sobbing. In her heart, she was afraid of being rejected by Mr. Zeng, because being here as Mr. Zeng's personal belongings was her only way out. If I can't do this kind of thing well, and I don't even have the qualifications to be an object, then my life is really over. So for Xi Rou, the difference from other women is that what others want is life, but she wants to survive.

"I allow you to speak now." Mr. Zeng put on his clothes, arranged his hair, and looked at Xi Rou on the ground. In fact, Zeng Zongke has come into contact with this type of girl too much, but Xirou gives people a different feeling, with a weak bone

Inside, there is also an incomparable strength. So he is more interested in Xirou, and if it was another woman, he wouldn't just buy it, let alone more than three million, even three hundred thousand. After all, my own money is not blown by the wind.

"Yes, Mr. Zeng, what do you want me to say?" Xirou knelt down in front of Mr. Zeng respectfully, her eyes full of awe.

"Why do I think you are special? You have nothing special about you. Let me give you a chance to get rid of at least one million debts. You have no choice but to agree."

"Mr. Zeng. You just have to tell me." Xirou was shocked, exempting one million debts? ? What do you want to do by yourself? Can you do it? But seeing Mr. Zeng's non-negotiable request, Xirou really has no choice, okay, follow Mr. Zeng's pace, after all, he is just an item.

"You will participate in our product exhibition the day after tomorrow. However, your method of participation is different from others..."

  	"yes."

………………

…………

...

Back at the scene, in the glass house, Xirou is now naked and tied tightly to a pillar in the center of the glass house. Feet side by side, from the thigh down, knees, calves, ankles, all tied tightly in a "8" shape. Then he was tied tightly to the pillar, unable to move. If it wasn't for the most terrible thing, my toes were still standing on tiptoe, and my snow-white toes were already slightly red and swollen. If it wasn't for the fact that the cushion underneath was really soft, I might not have persisted long ago. Living. After the Japanese style, the hands are tied quite firmly. There is also a pair of cute breast clips hanging on the chest.

Except for her neck, Xirou's whole body was tied tightly to this pillar, and the white stick between her legs was still vibrating non-stop, just sticking to her most sensitive place. This made Xirou gasp for breath all the time, but with her panties stuffed in her mouth, she was tightly cuffed with a mouth ball, Xirou could hardly groan, but the panties in her mouth had already been wet with saliva. It flowed down his mouth and dripped on his chest.

It's so stuffy in here, the ventilation is okay, the top is not completely closed, I left a ventilation hole for myself, and there is a micro blower, but my whole body is already soaked. Wet with sweat, the rope felt more contracted. It was deeply strangled in Xirou's body, almost causing her to lose consciousness.

But the thing on her crotch kept her awake, and in this small room, a lot of incense gas was put in to keep her awake, which made her feel refreshed and cool. In fact, these are not important, what makes Xirou want to die the most is that from her sight, from the morning to now, at least a thousand people have come back and forth to watch her at close range. Everyone's eyes want to see through the glass, although people outside can't see in, but Xi Rou inside has been enduring so many people's eyes. Everyone is looking at themselves.

Looking at his embarrassing appearance, it was like a public execution. Why did Mr. Zeng let himself come here? Can't I enjoy it by myself? Let everyone look at me and almost all the secrets in me. Ah, and, how many times have I been there? [Undescribable] It's all wet. In the end... how many people have seen me go up again and again?

My feet are so sore and painful, I can't stand up, and the rope is strangling me so badly, how is the bottom, it's so swollen. Mr. Zeng, as an object, I am like this... Are you satisfied? In her heart, Xi Rou only hoped to be approved by Mr. Zeng, and hoped that he would feel that she was a useful object, that's all. Because she knew very well that Mr. Zeng was watching her expression remotely through the camera diagonally above.

Mr. Zeng specifically said that unless you faint, you are not allowed to close your eyes. This makes Xirou have no choice but to keep looking at different people, even if they don't deviate from each other.

"Young man, what is going on inside you? There are so many people watching." It was an old man who spoke, and he could hear it clearly in the glass room. It wasn't that the sound insulation was bad, but that Xi Rou had earphones in his ears. Although it has a low power, she can hear the sound outside clearly. Everyone looked at themselves, discussed, and guessed themselves. Seeing that many people wrote down what they guessed, Xirou could only look at the courtyard, and was just a little entangled in her heart.

Probably no one would have guessed that now that I am in this state for people to visit inside, I am suffering in various ways. It was only noon on the first day, and I couldn't take it anymore. Exhausted, really, bloated and tired, and thirsty. Can you let me take a break, so how can I insist on finishing work in the afternoon?

Xirou probably didn't even think that after this early morning viewing and display, her heart was no longer concerned with shame or not. It's more about how to make yourself complete the task smoothly. Her sense of shame had been wiped out in just half a day.

Mr. Zeng here saw that Xirou on the screen was just twisting his body vigorously, without avoiding his eyes at all, and he became more and more interested. It seemed that Xiaojiabiyu's Xirou was not as shy as other girls Shy, but very let go.

"Yes, this girl is really different. I want to make her more ashamed. In the afternoon, I must see her cry from being so shy."

After the noon break, a simple clearing arrangement was made here. This made a lot of people who filled out the receipt a little bit of opinion, after all, they are suspected of replacing the items inside. It may have a slight impact on the company's reputation, but Mr. Zeng doesn't care about it at all. He came to this boring exhibition just to torture the object in his picture.

Because after Xirou became her object, up to now, she has not shown a trace of fear, which is completely different from Xirou's weak feeling, and she seems to enjoy this status very much. This made Mr. Zeng full of curiosity about her, and made all the girls and objects around him give in spiritually. This is what he wanted most. Therefore, arranging such an exhibition for Xi Rou is the best way to wear down her spirit.

"It's not bad that you can persist for so long." Mr. Zeng put Xirou off the pillar, but there was no trace of fear in Xirou's eyes, only tiredness and discomfort.

After taking the thing out of Xirou's mouth, she coughed vigorously. After drinking some water, Xirou pursed her lips and said, "Mr. Zeng, it's not time yet. Can you let me go?"

He didn't beg for mercy, just being loyal to his current identity and being an object. In this regard, Xirou is very competent. However, it also made Mr. Zeng more determined towards her. He grabbed Xirou's hair, and Mr. Zeng aroused a strong sense of challenge. continue."

"Mr. Zeng, do you care about me?" Xirou doesn't know why she said this. Although Mr. Zeng's words and actions are very rough, but to Xirou, he is far better than her husband . At least by his side, I can still feel that there is a future and hope.

"If you break down, my money will be in vain. From now on, shut up!" Saying this, Mr. Zeng took off his socks and stuffed them directly into Xirou's mouth. The smell was a bit pungent, but Xirou just frowned and didn't make any other unnecessary movements.

Seeing Mr. Zeng skillfully tied his hands behind his back, he asked his subordinates to bring a large chair for himself to lean on, and a pillow was placed on his waist, which was quite comfortable. Then Mr. Zeng folded and tied Xirou's feet apart, opened them with the letter "M", and all of Xirou's secrets were fully revealed. The pinkness in the middle of the dense forest under the crotch makes people want to dream about it. The figure is really great, but with this appearance, Xirou also blush. This posture is not generally shameful, even if I am an object, even if others can't really see me, I can see other people's eyes. The shameful feeling of being completely stared at by others has already poured into Xi Rou's heart.

"This stuff is indispensable."

Hang two breast clips on Xirou's chest, and there is a thin chain connecting the clips. There are a few small bells on the chains, and the bells will ring non-stop when they are moved. Mr. Zeng directly spread Xirou's legs to the widest extent, and then fixed them. Gently parting her forest with his hands, caressing Xirou, and then, a thing that made Xirou blush, was shown in front of Xirou by Mr. Zeng.

"!!"

Xi Rou hadn't tried this thing yet, but now he was facing her directly. Directly give... "Hmm!!" Lightly, master, it hurts so much. Ignoring Xirou's feelings, she just inserted it into the deepest place. But fortunately, this thing can not only shake, but also rotate...

"Ahhhhh!! What is this, I, I'm going to die!!" Turning on the switch, this powerful stimulation made Xirou almost feel as if she wanted to die. However, this hasn't played yet. The little meaty spot behind her buttocks was also put in this combination. This time, the two objects, one in front and one in the back, were spinning in her body at the same time. After a while, strange mucus flowed out along the hole...

"The reaction is strong, very good, so be it. Until the end of the show today, you can keep it like this." Seeing that the effect is very good, Mr. Zeng smiled with rare satisfaction, patted Xirou's face, and opened up the space. Restored and left.

There were still many people at the exhibition site. Seeing that the curtain around here had been removed, the crowd gathered around again. This time, there were more people. Everyone was talking about it, and they all wanted to see what the objects inside were. Everyone's eyes, through the glass, looked directly at Xirou. At this moment, she is rotating 360 degrees with the slowly rotating table under the chair she is leaning on, showing herself to the people around her without any dead ends. Although no one can touch her, such a humiliating scene is not something Xi Rou can bear.

Even if he is an object, it is too shameful to treat him like this. Almost depriving herself of the last ounce of dignity as a woman, Xi Rou couldn't bear it anymore, she frowned and closed her eyes. And her tears finally flowed down the corners of her eyes... Why did she have to be treated like this? It's all about the money.

That hateful man, my husband, was the one who made me like this. Let yourself lose a bright future, a bright future. Now, they can only be reduced to belongings of the rich without any dignity. In other words, these two things Mr. Zeng made for himself are really exciting. In front of so many people, I actually vented so many times. Everyone is looking at me, ah, their eyes have swept every inch of my body, right? It's too much, this is done to me.

But what can I do, I have already sold myself out. If it wasn't for Mr. Zeng, he wouldn't even be able to get rid of that hateful man. How much I want to repay him, but in Mr. Zeng's eyes, I am nothing, anyone can replace me, it is insignificant. really insignificant...

On the camera side, looking at the blushing smile with his eyes closed from time to time, Mr. Zeng finally raised his lips, "It seems that she is nothing special. It's just that I didn't touch her before."

Xirou in the glass room was still thinking about how to get through these humiliating hours, but Mr. Zeng had gradually lost interest in her. Although she fantasizes that after being an item for several years, she can pay back the money and regain her freedom, but she has no idea that Mr. Zeng is already planning to ignore this toy that made him lose interest after the event is over. .

"Where can I find a more special girl?" Mr. Zeng turned off his laptop, stopped looking at Xirou, and directly ordered his subordinates, "You can take this girl and enjoy it, don't break it for me. Understand." .”

	"thank you boss!"

Several subordinates were so happy that they bowed again and again, watching their boss leave, but poor Xirou was still working hard for that glimmer of hope in her heart. She felt that as long as she could persevere, she could do well. Mr. Zeng will definitely see a different side of her. I dare not say that I can go ashore by sticking to Zeng, but at least, I can give myself a chance to start a new life.

Looking at the camera, Xi Rou worked hard to overcome the shame and all kinds of stares. Among the crowd, she firmly trusted the boss who bought her. However, the person looking at her from the computer was no longer the person she expected.

"This girl is really nice, I can't tell she's married."

"Nonsense, the boss spent so much money, why would he look for ordinary rouge fans?"

"More than three million yuan, the boss is tired of playing like this, we are making a lot of money."

"Tonight, we must let this girl know that our brothers must be stronger than the dead thing she inserted, haha. Don't break it, we can't afford three million!"

The venue where people come and go, it is estimated that there are at least a few thousand people who stopped here today to watch. Although no one guessed what was in the glass room, and everyone couldn't see the universe inside, but for Xi Rou who was always inside, the most embarrassing and shameful appearance of her had been observed by thousands of people . What shame do you have left? Where can there be any dignity?

At this moment, Xirou is completely numb, and the two things in her body can no longer bring more stimulation to herself. And it gradually ran out of power. Although the table below was still turning, Xi Rou had already ignored everything. She just leaned on the chair foolishly, twitching her body from time to time, and the cushion under her body was completely soaked by her sweat and all kinds of things that leaked out.

He also lost feeling in his hands and feet, and gradually lost his judgment on time. It's just that there are fewer and fewer people outside, and it is estimated that it is almost the closing time of today. Mr. Zeng should come to pick him up soon, I don't know if he will be satisfied with his performance as his object? Very tired, very tired, she doesn't want to move at all, even if there is no rope to bind her, Xi Rou doesn't want to move anymore.

The crowd dispersed, and the clearing announcement sounded in the venue. It was finally over, this day. When you get home, be sure to wash it well. Wash away all these grievances, these shame-numbing gazes...

Seeing that everyone gradually left the venue, but the Mr. Zeng he was looking forward to did not arrive, what happened to him? Xi Rou never imagined that she would miss this domineering boss so much. He doesn't treat himself well at all, and doesn't even regard himself as a human being, but why do he think of him so much now?

Although Xirou doesn't know, Mr. Zeng is already holding other girls in his arms and having fun in his private club, and has long forgotten about Xirou, but it's a pity that Rou is still waiting for him, Waiting for him to rescue himself again. Although everyone around him has left... He, why hasn't he come yet?

Xirou, who can't move, can't do anything, but can only wait, wait slowly. Until the place was surrounded by a curtain again, finally... came. For the first time, Xirou's heart actually felt a sprout. She didn't know why she was like this, but she suddenly felt so wronged, she really wanted to throw herself into his arms and cry, asking him why he treated her like this, she was really helpless, ashamed, and pitiful.

The glass room was opened, Xirou was ecstatic, but only saw the curtain walking in, who had been following Mr. Zeng all the time
It's just three subordinates...