//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

"Brat, take it easy, don't hurt me." Wearing a uniform, with his hands behind his back, he watched his younger brother prepare to handcuff him.

"I said sister, you are not allowed to play tricks, who told you to be dishonest, let me go, and don't take me to the amusement park."

With a "click", the handcuffs were tightened on Xue Fei's wrists. Xue Fei fantasized that she could become a public servant since she was a child. She had captured many prisoners in her dreams. This time, her younger brother handcuffed her hands.

"Hmph! My sister is a prisoner now, you have to listen to me!" Yu Ze, who was a big kid, stood in front of Xue Fei, and looked at this sister who was usually busy but cared about him very much. The look of high-spirited.

"What, dare you say I'm a prisoner!" Xue Fei was so angry that she really wanted to give this kid a good kick, but after all, she was at a loss, so after thinking about it, let it go, "My sister is going to catch the prisoner in the future!"

"Then, sister, if you really catch the prisoner, how will you deal with him?" Yuze chatted with her sister very interestedly, and moved her a chair for her to sit down, "Tell me."

"Of course, handcuffs first, just like I am now." Xue Fei said, while stretching her hand forward from behind, to show her younger brother, "This way you can't resist. Since you are a prisoner, Of course, let him not hurt people first, I think it should be like this."

"But you can still kick me. Shouldn't my feet be handcuffed as well?"

"Only prisoners who have committed serious crimes will wear handcuffs. Ordinary prisoners can wear handcuffs." Xue Fei said, as if she was going to find the key of the handcuffs at her waist to unlock the handcuffs for herself, but she found out after a while. The key was held by the younger brother, "Boy, when did you take the key away, give it to me quickly."

"Sister, let me try to be a prisoner, okay? I think you are very majestic." Yuze said, looking at Xuefei with shining eyes, "I also want to learn to catch bad guys, and grow up in the future." I can help my sister too."

"Do you think I can play a bad guy in this upright outfit? Stop messing around, and hand me the key!" Xue Fei stared at her beautiful eyes like copper bells, pouting her cheeks and looking at her younger brother, "Otherwise I've really dealt with you!"

"Sister, you don't play with me, you let me go to the amusement park without pigeons, you are still pissing me now! I don't like you anymore, here you go! Take it, and I don't want you to accompany me anymore!"

After saying that, Yuze threw back the key in his hand to Xuefei. Xuefei was really good at it, and her handcuffed hands actually caught the key. Although the handcuffs were opened, but seeing her brother lost, Xuefei Fei was also very upset, after all, she didn't mean to spoil her younger brother's interest.

"Okay, okay, my sister will play with you, is this good? My sister still plays the good guy, and you play the bad guy, but you are the bad guy who catches the good guy, okay?"

"The bad guys can catch the good guys?" Yuze suddenly regained his energy when he heard what his sister said, "How do you catch them? Is it the same as before?"

"Well, my sister will teach you." As she spoke, Xue Fei also became interested. After all, she always thought about how to catch people by herself, and she never thought that she would be caught in reverse. She practiced before. I acted as a hostage at that time, and that time was still very exciting. "Wait a minute, sister, go get something."

"Hmm~"

In less than 5 minutes, Xue Fei dug out a lot of ropes, handcuffs and other things from the room, and threw them all in front of his younger brother, who stared straight at his eyes.

"Sister, what are you??"

"I kept the ones from school before, and I kept them at home." Xue Fei tidied up the rope and handed it to her younger brother. "Come on, my sister will teach you how to catch good people, a little villain~"

"Rope?" Yuze picked up a bundle of small hemp ropes thrown by his sister, and looked at his sister in bewilderment, "Aren't you using handcuffs?"

"Bad guys don't have handcuffs, they are all tied with rope. Come on, my sister will teach you, but...you have to promise my sister one thing." Xue Fei blushed a little while talking, "Tie me up later. Wake up, you have to untie my sister, otherwise some bad guys will really come and bully my sister, and my sister will be miserable."

"Don't worry, sister, how to tie it? You teach me..."

For the next ten minutes, Xue Fei gave Yuze a simple and clear explanation, and then posed various poses, some learned before, and some learned online...

"Okay, that's about it. How do you want to tie up my sister?" Xue Fei tidied up her clothes, swallowed her saliva, and put her hands behind her back, "I'll leave it to you, my sister."

"No, sister, I still won't..." Yuze pouted, lowered his head and said, that aggrieved look, he was very reluctant at all, "You should say it."

"Hey, really, come on, let's do it~"

As Xue Fei said, she put her hands on her back, and carefully taught her younger brother how to tie Japanese-style back hand ties for herself. The figure, under the binding of the rope, is more exquisite and exquisite.

However, I don't know if Yuze really didn't learn it, or if the technique is not in place, anyway, the hands are not tied tightly, so Xue Fei decided to let Yuze handcuff her hands with handcuffs. Then tie the rope, so that it doesn't matter if the rope is loose.

"Well, yes, my sister can't untie it now." Xue Fei twisted her body in great satisfaction, confirming that she should not be able to untie it by herself, and praised her brother well.

But before he boasted for two minutes, the rope on his body became loose again... Strange thing, what is the problem? Forget it, it seems that this little guy can't tie it well, but his interest has already been lifted, it can't end like this...

Well, it's time to bring out the treasured goodies. Xue Fei asked her younger brother to untie the rope on her body, and then opened her own handcuffs. She asked Yuze to wait here, and ran to the room by herself. before……

"Don't ask me what this is, I said, you do it, OK?" Xue Fei tidied up the metal straitjacket, and then handed it to Yuze.

"Uh, okay, sister, tell me." Looking at this strange dress, Yuze couldn't figure it out at all, what was it used for?

"Close your eyes!" Xue Fei knocked on Yuze's forehead, and took the waist armor of the straitjacket in her hand. It was a purple leather girdle, very short and tight-fitting. Xue Fei thought about it seriously, then made up her mind, took off her clothes, and let herself stand in front of her brother naked. Fortunately, this brat closed his eyes, otherwise I would be really embarrassed.

Xue Fei carefully put on the straitjacket from the ankles up. Xue Fei's figure can really be described as perfect. The straitjacket was very suitable for Xue Fei to wear to the waist, adjusting the feeling of the clothes. The clothes are one-piece, like a swimsuit, and the groin on both sides of the thighs is very high. There is a zipper at the crotch, as long as it is opened... ah! ! ! All the secrets of Xue Fei's girl were fully revealed, without any cover.

And this straitjacket happened to only reach a little below Xue Fei's chest. Xue Fei's chest was completely exposed without any cover, except that her soft hair could hang down on her chest, and it was only faintly visible.

There are many adjustable straps and buckles on both sides of the straitjacket. Of course, Xue Fei spared no effort to tighten the straps and fasten the buckles. After all, wearing this thing, my brother can't help at this stage.

After confirming that she had fastened all the straps that could be tightened, Xue Fei turned her head and looked at her current appearance on the glass of the room. Haha, I never thought that a policewoman would be so... so The promiscuous side... so exciting. I'm really afraid of being seen by others. Fortunately, this guy is my younger brother, so I probably won't say it, and I don't know how to do something out of line.

"Okay, you can open your eyes now." Xue Fei's back was facing Yuze, and it was impossible to see from here that Xue Fei's chest...was shaking outside, and there was nothing blocking it.

"Sister?? What kind of clothes are you wearing?" Looking at such a big sister, Yuze's heart as a boy suddenly throbbed. Why...why is it so exciting? What is this mood? This... ah ah ah! !

"Stop talking nonsense, don't ask! Just listen to what I tell you and do it!" Xue Fei put her hands behind her back, clasping her palms together in a straight arm position, "That pipe with leather rings on both ends is just like a belt. Yes, yes, this is it, tie the leather rings on both sides of my arms, that is, above the elbows, and tighten them! Until you can't loosen them even if you try hard."

"Hmm~" Yuze obediently put the leather loop on Xue Fei's arm, passed one end of the belt through the buckle, pulled it tight, and then tied it to the buckle. Yuze also waved it hard, um, it won't loosen, it's perfect.

Hold the metal tube horizontally, make the leather loop on the other end in the same way, and fasten it firmly on Xue Fei's other arm to make sure it will not loosen. After that, Yuze picked up another metal tube and waited for his sister's guidance. Put the metal tube on Yuze's handle, pass through the plastic cross buckle in the middle of the metal tube on the arm just now, and then tighten the movable screw of the cross buckle, so that the two metal tubes will be cross-shaped and will not loosen.

"For this tube, tie the end of the belt around my neck first. Don't make it too tight this time, or it will strangle me to death. Just leave a space of about 3 fingers."

Xue Fei squatted down slightly, and asked her younger brother to lift up her hair, revealing her slender and white neck, and put the leather ring on her neck seriously... Ahhh~ This feels so comfortable and exciting. I...I actually taught my younger brother to restrain myself...and this guy...hasn't noticed that I'm not wearing anything on my upper body...I'm ashamed...I'll turn my back and let him see, Don't you startle him? Do you think my sister is... very sexy? Or think that my sister... oh, what a shame! don't think about it...

After Yu Ze tied her neck tightly according to Xue Fei's request, Xue Fei twisted it a bit. It was not bad, and it would not affect her breathing. Then, according to Xue Fei's instructions, the other end of the metal pipe was a hook that could be hooked to a buckle of Xue Fei's straitjacket at the back waist. Xue Fei instantly felt that her neck was pulled back by a force. But Xue Fei was willing to go all out, she squatted down, sat on the ground slowly, spread her legs, beckoned her younger brother to come to her front, and used this long metal triangular stick to deal with herself...

"Ah! Sister, you..." Seeing that my sister's chest was exposed, the snow-white...a pair of meat balls were shaking, and the ruddy dots were already slightly prominent. The torrent under Yuze's crotch , has completely rushed into his baby, and the [undescribable] jacked up so high that Xue Fei shyly turned her head away when she saw it.

"What are you looking at! Let you do things, don't ask! What do you mean by pushing this thing up! Soften me!"

	"yes……"

Yuze will use the metal rod this time, but it is longer and the belt part is wider. Nervously, Yuze fastened the belts at both ends of the metal rod to Xue Fei's thigh above her knee. Fasten it tightly to ensure that it will not loosen, and then the other two ends of the metal rod are two buckles, which are pulled up from the thigh respectively, and these two buckles are buckled on the ring of the neck leather ring...Complete up. Such a shameful restraint method...

It feels really good! ! ! This brat has tied me up so tightly that I can't move at all. Xue Fei tried to twist, but her center of gravity was unstable, and she fell sideways, looking very embarrassed, and was finally supported by Yuze, but when her body tilted, she fell down directly, kneeling on the ground, Her face was on the ground, her hands were behind her back, and she couldn't move at all...

"I can't get up, boy help me sit up. This is a bit uncomfortable!" Xue Fei turned her head and said to Yu Ze behind her, but Yu Ze was standing behind Xue Fei... Seeing her sister like this, I'm a little dumbfounded...

Elder sister...it looks so beautiful, the sexy waist armor with high forks, the snow-white thighs, smooth and elastic, exposed in front of her like this, without any cover, and... still being fixed by the triangular metal tube and unable to move... ...Really, I really want to hug my sister like this. Why is there such a strange feeling? This is my sister, but...he is also a girl! ! Actually in front of me like this, isn't it really afraid that I can't help it?

"Boy? Yuze, what are you doing? Why don't you help me?" Xue Fei twisted her body, but the fixation was too firm, and she couldn't change her posture. Seeing Yuze staying aside, Xuefei finally shouted.

"Sister, tell me how to use this last thing, and I will help you up."

Yuze is holding this gag on the ground. This thing is a big metal ring. After biting it, it will make it impossible to close the mouth, and through this metal hole... you can do many, many things...

Seeing how excited her younger brother was holding this thing, Xue Fei had nothing to do, otherwise her younger brother would definitely not help her up, so she had no choice but to patiently tell him how to use this thing...

"Haha, I can't talk if I wear this? Sister, can you try it?" After hearing this, Yuze became even more excited. If you don't bring this thing to your sister, it's really unreasonable!

"Of course it's not good. I'll take it later. What should I do if you run away?" Xue Fei was a little anxious when she heard what her younger brother said. Xue Fei was a little worried, but she was tied up tightly, and this kid's crotch was bulging, so he must be very excited! If you accidentally stimulate him at this time, maybe the consequences for yourself will not be very good!

"Okay, then I'll help you up first, and then you can put it on?" But Yuze's clear eyes, excited and smiling expression made Xuefei really unable to refuse, it seems that the younger brother is still obedient , and nodded in agreement.

It took a lot of effort to help Xuefei, who was unable to cooperate with the activities, and Yuze was so tired that she was sweating profusely. Since her younger brother kept her promise, Xuefei opened her mouth with confidence and asked her younger brother to press the metal gag on the In his mouth, his teeth bit the part of the metal ring in his mouth, so that he couldn't close his mouth. Ah, what a shame, I let this guy make me like this... shame to death! !

"!!" Before Xuefei could react, Yuze stood behind her and pushed her into the position just now. She was completely at a loss... What does this kid want to do? ?

"Papa" twice, Yuze patted Xuefei's butt lightly, which surprised Xuefei...

"What are you doing, brat! How dare you spank my ass? Believe it or not, I'll beat you up later?" Xue Fei raised her head slightly and looked back at her younger brother. What happened to this kid after eating the guts of a leopard, but now he is biting this My mouth is stuffy, I can't even ask questions, and my saliva keeps flowing.

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

"Sister, that's how you spanked me before. Now I'm

The bad guy, of course, will fight back. Hee hee, but I won't hurt you. Sister, you look so pretty with your ass up like this. I didn't break my promise, I just helped you up, sister. It's just that you didn't say that you won't let me push you down again~"

It was only then that Xue Fei realized that she had no ability to resist at all, her whole body was fixed up like this, her wrists were still in handcuffs, and now she was kneeling again, with her butt raised high, it was so convenient for this brat . This time, he really found his way!

"Okay, you still stare at me! Let me show you what a bad person is! Just like you used to treat me! Hehe~~" Yuze saw that her sister could only twist her body vigorously, but there was nothing she could do about herself. I became bolder, thinking that when my sister spanked my butt when I was a child, it wasn't like this way to just pat it a few times...

"Stop!!!" Xue Fei yelled in her heart, she felt the zipper under her crotch was slowly opened by this brat, and the cool breeze had already blown to her most secret place, "Little bastard, You can't touch it here!! Didn't you see that I'm well protected? Why did you open the zipper here without any scruples? Your sister and I are shameless!"

Yuze easily opened the zipper under Xue Fei's high-kissed waist armor, and that snow-white and round butt was exposed outside, and Xue Fei's face turned red in a flash... Brat, brat! ! I am your sister! Even if I spanked your butt before, you are still a child, but I am an adult, what do you mean by showing my butt?

With a sound of "pa...", Yuze's small hand lightly patted Xue Fei's buttocks. The extremely elastic feeling kept Yuze's hand from lifting up, but rubbed it instead.

"Uh... sister... your... butt is so beautiful..." The little boy's love affair opened at this moment. Although she is his sister, she is also such a perfect woman. This is the first time Seeing a mature girl's ass, and it's so white, so tender, so beautiful...

A ball of desire, from Yuze's heart, sank to the dantian, and from the dantian, it merged into the legs, and then, the [undescribable] that belonged to the man stood directly on the little boy's crotch.

"Sister, I... I don't know what's wrong with me, but I really want to do this, just for a while, sister, you won't be angry, right?" Yuze said incoherently, every sentence made Xuefei anxious I can't bear it, we are sisters and brothers, it was too much just now, I am angry now, can't you see it, you brat?

"Don't touch me! Don't touch me!!!" Xue Fei frowned, her heart was so excited that she really wanted to yell, but the damn gag could only make her tongue stick out, and even moaning was difficult. As for Xue Fei, she already felt her younger brother put both hands on her butt...

"Ahh~!! Where are you touching?? Bastard!!" Xue Fei's whole body tensed up, and she screamed in her heart that something was wrong, but now she couldn't do anything except put on this incomparably sexy pose. arrive.

Feeling the pink and tender flesh on her buttocks being poked lightly by a gentle little finger, Xue Fei trembled violently all over her body, but her body had already lost her freedom. Except for twisting her body forcefully, Xue Fei had no way to make it loose. The younger brother stopped. Moreover, the more I stimulate my brother now, the more dangerous it may be...

"Sister, your place is pink..." Yuze poked it with two fingers together. Every time she poked, her sister moved. It felt very interesting. On a whim, Yuze directly put his finger on Xuefei's..., and then poked it hard...

"!!!"

"You!!! What are you doing!!! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Don't do it! It's so uncomfortable! My sister is going to die!" This feeling is absolutely uncomfortable. Xue Fei was so ashamed that she really wanted to find a crack in the ground, but now , I am the one being drilled. Unable to communicate with her younger brother, the crying in her heart has almost brought Xue Fei to tears.

"It's so tender and soft! My sister's inside...is tight and comfortable. Haha, sister, why are you clamping me so hard?"

Maybe it was childish words, but those few words already made Xuefei feel ashamed. If she hadn't been wearing handcuffs...she really couldn't untie the rope, Xuefei really wanted to slap her back...

Xuefei has the heart to beg for mercy, she is really self-indulgent, not going to the good amusement park, playing with bad guys and catching good guys, she still wants to let herself go, well, now it's my brother's turn to let me go. Yuze got more and more excited, and suddenly thought of something, and the whole person fell silent...

Fearing that the air would suddenly be quiet, Xue Fei felt that the two fingers in her body that made her very uncomfortable had been pulled out, and her backcourt could finally rest for a while, Xue Fei breathed a sigh of relief, but suddenly, Xue Fei Fei felt a very uneasy atmosphere coming to her...

Because she clearly felt that her younger brother put his hands on her buttocks again, and this time, he should be kneeling behind her with his hands supporting her buttocks...

"No... no way, this brat... could it be... could it be..." Xue Fei became more and more uneasy as she thought about it, and she couldn't bear it any longer. , she felt that the flesh on her butt was stretched out again, and this time it came in... that kind of hard and warm feeling...

"Ah... ah~~ You... brat, actually..." Xue Fei raised her head, her brows were furrowed, she bit her stuffed mouth, but she couldn't utter curse words, feeling that there was no masculinity in her. My baby, it penetrated into my body little by little... It was swollen, it was tight... and it was embarrassing...

"Sister... so comfortable! It turns out that this is really possible! Ahh, sister, you clamped me hard again!!"

Just now, Yuze suddenly thought of using his own treasure to try to reach into his sister's secret, because I usually feel very comfortable when I touch it occasionally. I also pinch my own baby...

Yuze didn't know what this meant, but he really felt very, very comfortable. The repeated movements gave Yuze great satisfaction. Of course, he also knew that his sister might be suffering a lot, because My sister has been panting heavily, but Yuze doesn't want to stop, because... such a good opportunity, maybe only once! !

"Hmmmmmm!!" Sensing that her younger brother had started to rub against each other slowly back and forth, Xue Fei never imagined that she would be snatched away from behind by her younger brother.

"It's more comfortable this way! Sister!" Yu Ze ignored Xue Fei's call at all, and he didn't realize what he was doing like this. He felt that it was like opening a new world, which was much more comfortable than his usual rubbing Too much. In my sister's body, the exquisite feeling keeps pinching me, and when I move around, it wraps me more firmly and makes me more comfortable...

Yu Ze unscrupulously continued to punish her sister, while Xue Fei held back her tears at this moment. Damn kid, how dare you do this to me! ! I won't let you go! !

Yuze worked harder and harder, Xue Fei's cheeks were flushed, but what else could she do with her appearance? Originally, it was just a whim that I wanted this silly brother to try to play with him, but now, the dominant position has been completely taken by the younger brother...

Damn it! Don't be so hard, don't be so... ah, don't go so fast? So bloated! ! Brat. I don't know if it will be very painful when I wake up tomorrow! Why is this guy facing me like this from behind! !

It is obviously the first time for Yuze to do it. Although his movements are clumsy, he is very talented. He is not tall, so he adjusted his position to fit right behind Xue Fei. The palms not only kneaded Xue Fei's butt vigorously, but also patted it lightly inappropriately, making Xue Fei awkward and irritating.

Repeated movements made Xuefei's body swing back and forth. Xuefei wanted to push Yuze away with her hands, but besides tightening the collar connected to her neck and pulling her head back, it did not It's useless. Kneeling feet were also a little numb, but the triangle was fixed very firmly, Xue Fei could only endure silently.

The leather ring on the arm showed no signs of loosening, and the metal gag he was biting in his mouth was already wet with saliva and even felt a little warm. The coordinated twisting of Xuefei's waist also made Yuze feel extremely happy.

Xue Fei also gradually became wet, and she couldn't hold back the strong stimulation at all. Such a feeling was strange, but it made Xue Fei unable to give up. Don't stop! You kid, if you dare to stop now... No, no, why do you have such thoughts? Hurry up and stop, I'm your sister, you...you can't...

"Sister! Sister!! I can't help it, I... I don't know why it's so cool!"

bastard! ! Do you want to get it all in there? ? Can't! ! Your sister, I have never developed here, it is too much to let you do this, you actually... actually...

Following Yuze's twitching, it was obvious that there was a strange sticky feeling in his body. Well, this kid really... stayed inside.

"Mmhhhhhh!!!" Xue Fei vigorously swung her locked hands, and the cold handcuffs made her resistance meaningless. The high waist armor that he was wearing was also tightly wrapped around his body. Xue Fei's perfect jade breasts that could not be concealed were shaking violently hanging under her body. It can be seen that Xue Fei is really angry now.

My first time, unexpectedly, was taken away by this stinky brother taking advantage of others' danger. Although he was tied up voluntarily, this is too wrong. There is no prelude, no action, just give your sister to me like this...

"Sister, what's the matter, it was so comfortable just now!! At that moment, I seemed to pee in your body..." Yuze blushed, and his hands were still on Xuefei's buttocks, but the weak baby had already receded. It came out, and the excess mucus in vain dripped on the ground little by little.

"You're a good-looking brat who got cheap!!" Xue Fei wanted to die even more after being told by her younger brother. This time she really played too big, but her younger brother still hasn't figured out what she meant. Could it be that he still wants more?

"Papa" two gentle pats brought Xuefei's thoughts back again. Yuze squatted down and began to knead her breasts with her hands. This posture is very convenient, not only looks very beautiful visually, but also It is very comfortable to touch.

Repeated rubbing made the red spots on Xuefei's chest gradually swell. Yuze moved himself to Xuefei's side while touching, lowered his head, and kissed Xuefei's cheek lightly. The tender feeling was so innocent. Wu Xie, how could such a lovely child do such a thing to himself?

The feeling just now was even a bit dreamy, if it wasn't for the metal restraints on her body that were still bound, if it wasn't for the warm liquid still flowing inside her body, Xue Fei felt that it was just a dream. But it wasn't long before the little brother reacted a little slowly, and this thing twitched in front of his eyes, making Xue Fei's heart almost jump out.

"Untie it for me quickly! Brat! Do you want to bully me again?" Xue Fei stared at Yuze from the corner of her eyes, that pleading look did not arouse Yuze's pity , admired around Xue Fei, and kept stroking Xue Fei's smooth carcass. Xue Fei's burning desire could not be quenched at all.

Yuze took out the key of the handcuffs, shook it in front of Xue Fei a few times, and then placed it about 10 cm in front of Xue Fei's face, which made Xue Fei a little at a loss, and she didn't let me unlock the key when it was brought over. What does it mean to open the handcuffs?

"Sister, you're so beautiful, can I take a closer look? Just take a look, and I'll let you go later." Yu Ze said yes, but his hands kept wandering around Xue Fei's body dishonestly.

Seeing her younger brother saying this, Xue Fei was actually a little happy in her heart. After all, she was so sincerely praised by her younger brother for such a shameful appearance. snort! Seeing that you are quite sensible, let you take advantage of it. Anyway, I have been tied up, and I have done it. Now I can't resist, so I can take myself to the next level.

Xue Fei closed her eyes tightly, letting Yuze caress herself, only moving her body from time to time, feeling the strong sense of restraint brought by the metal restraints.

"Sister~ I'm fine~"

Yuze ran up to Xue Fei again with great interest, and stroked Xue Fei's head, but Xue Fei didn't know why, she raised her head and looked at her younger brother with wide eyes, and saw his baby who had once again regained his glory, standing in front of her ...

"!!" Brat, you're right, just waiting for this thing to work? ? Damn it! unacceptable! I thought you had turned from evil to righteousness, that you were regretting that you bullied your sister! I'm still thinking about whether I should comfort you generously when you apologize to me! But you! Brat, you're just waiting to bully me a second time! ! ! I misread you! !

Yuze actually patted Xue Fei's cheeks with his baby with a playful smile, then stood up with a smile, and walked behind Xue Fei again...

Bastard bastard! I thought you had changed your mind! ! brat! How dare you hit me in the face with this thing! Insult me, insult your sister. I am your sister! ! How dare you do this to me! I won't beat you to death... I...

Xue Fei is really anxious now, just now it can be said that the younger brother was unintentional, but this time is different, obviously this stinky boy has already tasted the sweetness, he did it on purpose, deliberately did not untie himself, let himself take it lightly, Did not make any resistance.

Although under the confinement of this metal restraint, I really have no strength to resist, but at least I won't be so docile by this brat...

Immediately, she felt extremely wronged in her heart, Xue Fei's eyes were flushed, and tears almost flowed down from her eye sockets. Unexpectedly, a sister of mine would capsize in the gutter and fall at the hands of this stinky brother. The regret in my heart can hardly be described in words.

In the struggle of moaning and twisting, he helplessly let his younger brother walk behind him again, with his hands resting on his buttocks. At this moment, Xue Fei's secret was ruthlessly pushed back by Yuze's baby again...