//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

"Woooooo..." Ling Yu's cheeks were bulging with a pair of white socks, and he frowned and shook his head vigorously. Her naked body was tightly bound and she struggled vigorously, but her petite body almost made her lose the ability to move.

Her good friend Meng Shan was also naked, stuffing her mouth with the socks that Ling Yu was wearing just now, these socks with a pungent smell, Meng Shan couldn't spit out no matter how hard she struggled. It's...disgusting!

Like Ling Yu, he was bound by four horses' hooves. The two girls were tied side by side on the ground, shaking their pink and pink feet pitifully, as if they were regretting that they had opened the door of their house so easily just now...

Back to half an hour ago, Ling Yu was at home preparing for tonight's entertainment, after all, her good friends Mengshan and Xintong would also come to play with her all night, girls, of course it would be very happy to have friends come to play at home. And it's been a long time since the last time everyone got together.

"I have to have a good time tonight. I don't know if they will like my arrangement tonight." Ling Yu smiled with a little happiness in his heart. After all, gathering with sisters like this is not a common thing.

"Ding Dong~" The doorbell rang, Ling Yu excitedly opened the door and saw Meng Shan's angelic smile, the two good sisters hugged each other, Ling Yu invited Meng Shan into the house. Just as they put down the small bag in their hands, the two girls kissed each other intimately, and the doorbell rang again.

"Haha, this guy Xin Tong is actually following you, my good sister, she is always on time. Alright, I'll go and open the door."

As soon as the words fell, Ling Yu opened the door, only to find a gleaming dagger pointed at his chest, Ling Yu was so frightened that his face almost paled, he turned around and held Meng Shan's hand, and Meng Shan was also instantly frightened His face was ashen...Could it be...the house was burglarized?

"Just you two girls at home? That's great, be honest with me!" Yun Xi swung the sharp knife at the two girls, and Ling Yu and Meng Shan were afraid to make a sound. After all, it is inevitable for a little girl to panic when encountering such a thing.

"Don't worry, I'm only asking for money, but you are in the way, don't you mind if I tie you up?" The sharp knife in Yun Xi's hand made a shape of wiping her neck. If you don't listen to her, the end is self-evident.

Seeing Yun Xi's threat, Ling Yu and Meng Shan were frightened and confused, fearing that if they were disobedient, Yun Xi would hurt themselves. Ling Yu and Meng Shan could only nod desperately. Seeing the two girls being so upbeat, Yun Xi also smiled with satisfaction: "Then, take off all the clothes, shoes and socks, and stuff the socks into each other's mouths!"

	"Oh no……"

Ling Yu just wanted to refuse, but when he saw the knife, he panicked, and exchanged a glance with Meng Shan, the faces of the two girls turned red immediately. Oh, even though they are all girls, but...how shameful it is to take off their clothes in front of the thieves...and tie them up. But... I didn't dare to resist...

This kind of shame from the bottom of his heart made Ling Yu want to dig into the ground, and Meng Shan's mentality was not too much, but she dared not complain. He could only blushed, slowly stretched his hands to his collar, and slowly unbuttoned his clothes until his perfect white body was exposed in front of the thief Yun Xi.

"Is this... okay?"

Clutching their chests and crotch shyly, Ling Yu and Mengshan lowered their heads, they didn't dare to look at each other, let alone Yun Xi, it was too embarrassing, when they were tied up, even the last shame I can't even do it, what should I do? But...but just don't hurt us...

"Take off your shoes and socks!"

Yun Xi pointed at the white sneakers of the two girls with the tip of a knife, watching them reluctantly take off her shoes and put them aside.

Ling Yu's heart was already jumping in his throat. The socks on his feet were already his last fig leaf. However, they were still taken off by Yun Xi's ruthless request, but... they were really going to be stuffed into Mengshan's mouth in? I haven't changed it after wearing it for several days...the sour smell...can Mengshan bear it?

The two girls faced each other, their shyness and fearful excitement made the two girls blushed, and stupidly crumpled up the socks in their hands, and handed them to each other's mouth...

"You...why don't you change your socks today?" As soon as Ling Yu's socks came close to Mengshan's mouth, the sour taste on the socks already made Mengshan frown, could it be... really Want me to stuff this in my mouth? Meng Shan immediately turned her head away, trying to avoid Ling Yu's socks.

"What are you talking about? Huh! Your socks are not much better!" Ling Yu originally felt a little ashamed of Meng Shan, but after being told by Meng Shan like this, nothing remained. After wearing the sneakers for so long, It's normal for socks to smell, why do you hate me by saying it out loud? It's so embarrassing already! really... really...

"I don't have time to watch you quarrel, hurry up!" The knife continued to shake, and Yun Xi almost lost his patience seeing the two girls pushing back and forth, "Otherwise, I'll see blood for you!"

"No! No, I'll stuff it right away!" Seeing the knife pointed at him, Ling Yu was so frightened that his hands trembled, and he almost lost his grip on the sock, "Good sister, you... don't be disgusted, I... I won't despise you... okay?"

	"Um……"

With great reluctance, the two girls were so shy that they couldn't help themselves. They blushed and didn't dare to breathe. They could only close their eyes, stroked each other's face with their hands, found the position of their mouths, held their breath, and gently squeezed the mouth. Put the sock into the other person's mouth, and at the same time, let the other person put the sock into his own mouth...

"Uh... oh..." The unbearable strange smell, accompanied by the sour taste, passed through the whole body, so embarrassing... so embarrassing! ! Why do I encounter this kind of thing? Now except for protecting their bodies with their hands, the two girls have almost lost their last dignity.

But Yun Xi, who was holding a knife at the side, didn't let them go. She took out the rope she had prepared, ordered Ling Yu to come to her, pointed the knife to the ground, and motioned her to turn her back and put her hands on her back...

Ling Yu, who was completely naked, frowned and almost cried. He really didn't want to be tied up like this, even if he had to wear some clothes... tied up like this... he would have no secrets...

"Hurry up!" Yun Xi yelled hard, and Ling Yu's legs became weak in fright. She had already lost the consciousness of resistance, but her eyes were red, and she put her hands on her back without tears, letting this The thief tied his wrists side by side behind him.

Yun Xi skillfully tied Ling Yu's elbows straight and arms together, and carefully tied Ling Yu's fingers side by side with thin ropes. Then, squatting down, tied Ling Yu's calves and ankles side by side, and tightened them with "8" shaped knots.

Holding Ling Yu around for half a circle, facing himself, Ling Yu already wanted to die. It was the first time he was tied up like this and was still naked. Now I can't do it even if I want to cover it up, and I still have my best sister's socks stuffed in my mouth...

Seeing Ling Yu being tied up like this, Mengshan couldn't help crying sadly when she thought that she would be like this later, it's so embarrassing, I really don't want to be tied up, huh?

Seeing Ling Yu being supported by Yun Xi, he slowly squatted on the ground, then turned sideways, lying on the ground. Then Yun Xi pulled up Ling Yu's feet, folded them backwards, and tied a short rope between the nooses on Ling Yu's ankles, pulled them to the nooses on Ling Yu's wrists, and tied them tightly. Then he unhurriedly took out two thin ropes, and tied up Ling Yu's toes carefully one by one again, and tied the big toes of both feet together.

Then, Yun Xi stroked Ling Yu's instep and asked her to tighten her feet, wrap the string twice around the middle of the toes, and pull it to the elbow to tie it up. This time, Ling Yu was completely tied up with straight arms and elbows, and his fingers and toes were all tied tightly. Except that his neck can move now, Ling Yu's body is completely unable to move.

Touching Ling Yu's feet and seeing her sensitive toes wriggling together, Yun Xi was very excited. These little red feet are really big love. Don't worry, there is another one. Well, let's talk after binding.

Under Yun Xi's command helplessly, Meng Shan imitated Ling Yu's appearance, turned around honestly, put her hands on her back, and accepted Yun Xi's bondage. Yun Xi also tied her up with straight arms and elbows. Also let her turn around and face him.

"It's embarrassing... Obviously we didn't resist, why did you tie us up like this? Can't you save some dignity?" Meng Shan blushed, watching Yun Xi squat down and tie her feet frontally, Really... the heart of wanting to die is already there, but Yun Xi doesn't seem to let her go. It's all Ling Yu's fault, why did you open the door without asking? This time she was killed!

After helping Mengshan to lie down, Mengshan was placed next to Ling Yu, and she simply raised her white and tender feet, allowing Yunxi to tie her straight arms and four horses. Of course, the same goes for fingers and toes tied together by string.

"This way, it's really uncomfortable." Mengshan twisted her body, she really couldn't move, if the thief left later, how could we untie the rope?

Ling Yu and Meng Shan looked at each other, feeling a sense of grievance spontaneously. Today should be a happy night for the sisters, shouldn't it? How...how did it become like this? Ling Yu was sobbing, while twisting his hands and feet, the neat white little toes, sometimes tense, sometimes relax...

Seeing Ling Yu crying, Meng Shan felt the same, she also sobbed together through the socks in her mouth, her toes felt so tightly tied, it would be great if they could be loosened. Mengshan also desperately twisted her soles and toes, looking so cute and adorable, which made Yunxi beside her couldn't stop watching...

Yun Xi, who was originally a foot controler, really couldn't help it now, who made these two girls so cute and tied so sexy, and now her irresistible toes are still moving all the time.

"!!!"

Ling Yu suddenly felt that his toes were itchy and wet, but he wanted to turn around, but he couldn't see what happened behind him. I can't see that Yun Xi is sucking his toes greedily now...

Ah, what, what's going on, what's the matter? Such an itchy, such a strange feeling. After Yun Xi licked Ling Yu's toes, that kind of supreme [undescribable] rushed into her heart directly, and turned her head to see Meng Shan looking at her, haha, this girl's toes are also great look like.

Mengshan was terrified and wanted to move her body to the side more. After all, she was very afraid of being scratched, but Yunxi was just going to attack girls' feet. Inability to move the body effectively. She could only helplessly see Yun Xi slowly approaching her... Mengshan closed her eyes in despair, waiting for Yun Xi's arrival...

Yun Xi tilted her body to Meng Shan's feet, stuck out her tongue, and gently licked and rubbed Meng Shan's big toe. Meng Shan's toes were very sensitive. Being touched like this felt like getting an electric shock, so she arched her back hard The body wanted to resist, but this only made Yunxi more excited.

He simply hugged Mengshan's feet, sniffed the fragrance of the girl's jade feet with the tip of his nose, then faced the soles of Mengshan's feet, stuck out his tongue, starting from the heel, gently and slowly across the soles of the feet, At the base of the toes, then, the tongue moistened the cracks of each of Mengshan's toes little by little, leaving his own wet water marks back and forth.

"Hmm..." If Mengshan's fingers hadn't been tied together, she must have clenched her fists to resist. She felt sweat dripping from her forehead, and her tightly tensed soles, smooth lines on the soles, towering The arch of the foot almost makes Yun Xi love it. I can't wait to bury my face on the soles of Mengshan's feet, feeling the unparalleled touch.

"Yeah!!" The socks stuffed in her mouth filtered out almost all of Mengshan's groans, and Mengshan was already sweating all over her body, twisting her body desperately to reduce Yunxi's licking belt coming itching...

Don't...don't...it's so itchy, why do you keep licking my feet, are they dirty? This is too much... shame! But... But why do I feel so strange, such a feeling? ?

Although Yunxi's actions made Mengshan feel ashamed, but this feeling of being licked on her toes made Mengshan feel a strange feeling in her heart... It's not comfortable, it's not uncomfortable... But, it's just I don't want Yun Xi to stop like this...

It's strange, why... I'm tied up now, I'm not wearing anything, I can't move at all! Being bullied by someone licking his toes like this, but... But why do I want this guy to do more? Obviously I can't move at all, why do you keep licking my toes? I have such a good figure and look so cute, am I not as good as my feet?

Yun Xi licked and touched Meng Shan's entire foot almost all over, then wiped her mouth in satisfaction, kissed the sole of her foot, threw Meng Shan aside and ignored it. Seeing Yun Xi who was slowly walking towards Ling Yu, Meng Shan felt a sense of reluctance in her heart, a certain fire in Meng Shan's heart was ignited by Yun Xi...

"Good boy, you didn't move around. It deserves a reward." Yun Xi sat behind Ling Yu, hugged her feet from behind, kneaded her feet with both hands, and then slowly rubbed them towards the soles of the feet. Then, she bent down Get down and put all these cute toes in your mouth...

"Ah! Don't~ don't be like this, aren't you asking for money? That's not enough for Meng Shan just now, it's itchy, it's itchy..."

Ling Yu really regretted that she opened the door indiscriminately and let the thief have an opportunity, but now that it has fallen into her hands, she still tortured herself like this, I really regret...

Struggling desperately and panting hard, Yun Xi didn't get any pity at all. Yun Xi also hugged Ling Yu's feet, feeling the wonderful feeling these little feet brought to him with his tongue.

Ling Yu frowned and shook his body, but he couldn't get rid of Yun Xi's restraint. But that strange feeling from the bottom of his heart made Ling Yu not want Yun Xi to let him go...

	what happened? It's not bad to lick like this, but I don't know if she will hurt herself, if she is really just asking for money... Then, it's so comfortable to be licked with her toes tied like this. No no no! ! Could it be that he was so tied up that he lost his mind? How can I have such a shameful thought?

At this moment, Mengshan saw Yun Xi licking Ling Yu's toes so devotedly, but she felt a little bit of jealousy in her heart, but now she can only tense her feet, reminiscing about the feeling just now...

Finally, Yun Xi had licked Ling Yu's feet all over. Yun Xi wiped her mouth, stood up, and moved Ling Yu to Meng Shan's side together, watching the two pairs of feet being licked comfortably by herself just now. Yun Xi was finally satisfied.

"Be honest! I'll leave as soon as I find what I want!" Picking up the knife that was put aside, Yun Xi returned to the room without looking back, and began her rummaging through the boxes.

At the moment, Ling Yu and Meng Shan are squeezed together, and they are embarrassed to look at each other, but now is not the time to be shy. After being tossed for so long, although they don't want to admit it in their hearts, the two girls also feel it. An inexplicable excitement.

But wait, if the thief leaves, can he really untie the rope?

? Ling Yu glanced at Meng Shan, moved her hand hard, and touched Meng Shan's hand lightly. Signal Mengshan to see if they can cooperate with each other to untie the rope.

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

Mengshan also tried to move her fingers. Although she was tied together and there was almost no room for movement, her soft and flexible fingers could still slightly try to unhook the string on Ling Yu's fingers... Especially when After she lightly loosened a knot, the sense of accomplishment in her heart made the two girls see hope...

Immediately try the next finger again and do the same thing. Although tired and sweating profusely, Mengshan loosens the binding rope on Ling Yu's other pair of fingers again. It's great, maybe it can really be untied. Ling Yu and Meng Shan looked at each other and almost laughed out loud... When Yun Xi leaves, let's find a way to untie the rope immediately.

However, none of these small actions escaped the eyes of Yun Xi who had stood behind them for a long time...

"You can do it, but you still want to untie the rope?" Yun Xi squatted behind the two of them, and suddenly said something that scared Ling Yu and Meng Shan's souls. If it weren't for the socks stuffed in their mouths, they might really will scream out.

"Awesome, this can loosen the rope. It seems that I have to tighten it for you." Yun Xi grabbed the feet of the two girls with his hands, stroked and kissed, and then, between Ling Yu and Meng Shan struggled vigorously, touched Ling Yu's finger that had been unhooked by two knots, and tied the string tightly again. This time, two extra knots were tied.

Satisfied looking at Ling Yu's tighter knot than before, Yun Xi clapped her hands in fear, then looked back at Meng Shan, and saw that her fingers were still so flexible even after being tied like this, so she simply gave it to her. Tie her fingers a few more times, I'll watch you move, I'll watch you untie.

After Yun Xi re-tied the fingers of the two girls, he checked their toes again. He felt that there was still room, so he might as well tighten them up.

"Woooooo..." Ling Yu and Mengshan felt that the rope on their bodies was getting tighter and tighter, and they were so wronged that they wanted to cry. After you leave, how can we solve it like this? Isn't that going to tie us up?

But Yun Xi not only ignored these, but also proudly squatted in front of the two girls, looked at their cute raised feet, stroked them gently, and looked at the shy looks of these two guys, Yun Xi could hardly bear it any longer up.

"No, I will punish you severely!" Yun Xi smiled and took out two gadgets from her bag, and shook them in front of Ling Yu and Mengshan. I don't know what it is, I just tremble with fright. I just know that this thing will definitely not make me feel better...

"Start with you, cutie."

Yun Xi walked up to Ling Yu and stroked her buttocks with her hands. Her body, which was already slightly wet, had become extremely sticky and slippery. Ling Yu was so frightened that she remained motionless. It will cause harm to myself, after all, I am already...really miserable.

"Not bad, just playing with your feet can make you wet like this, it seems that you like being done like this."

"Yeah!!" Ling Yu's mind was hit, and he was so ashamed that he couldn't be more ashamed. Ling Yu, who was biting his sock, was already sobbing in shame at this moment, and didn't dare to raise his head at all.

He could only let Yun Xi use his fingers to gently open his garden in the forest while saying humiliating words. Although his legs were tied side by side, Ling Yu's slender thighs could not cover him at all. Yun Xi had a panoramic view of that pink and beautiful secret.

"It's so beautiful~" Yun Xi gently touched Ling Yu's soft and sensitive place with her fingers as if seeing a treasure, and then, along the width of her fingers, gently stuffed the gadget in her hand directly into Ling Yu in the body...

"What? What? What did you put in it for me? What do you want to do?" Ling Yu became anxious now. She didn't expect to stuff something into her body. Obviously, even if she was tied up, she would have You can resist a little bit, but now it's all stuffed in, and there's no way I can get it out like this.

"It seems that you haven't tried this thing yet? Don't worry, you will like to be punished like this soon."

After touching Ling Yu's head with a smile, Yun Xi picked up the remote control in his hand, and the thing inside his body was turned on. In an instant, a crisp, numb vibration spread throughout Ling Yu's body, "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" Immediately blushing, how come... what does this feel like? ?

Ling Yu tightened his feet, twisted his body, and struggled with the rope. He was so confused that he couldn't believe that he had such contradictory thoughts in an instant, "Don't! Don't do this!! How embarrassing! So comfortable!!! "

Ling Yu twitched all over, twisting slightly, her crotch became more and more wet, and even dripped down, and Yun Xi couldn't help but hug and kiss and touch the tight soles of her feet. Ling Yu didn't respond at all, it was the first time he was served in such a ridiculous state...

There is simply... There is no way to resist such [undescribable]! ! Shouldn't it be a big crisis now? The body is bound like this, there is no room for resistance, even the fingers can't move, but now my body has a strong nostalgia for this feeling.

"It seems that your body is very honest, so, it's your turn, baby."

Walking to Meng Shan's side, looking at Meng Shan's terrified eyes, Yun Xi didn't say anything, but also gently sent a small gadget to her most secret place, Meng Shan saw Yun Xi picking up the remote control. He could only close his eyes, bite the sock in his mouth hard, and wait for Yunxi to turn on the remote control.

"Ahh..." I believe no woman can resist this feeling. Meng Shan's face looks redder than Ling Yu's. She twists her body left and right on the ground, bends her waist, and raises her butt slightly.

"Haha, it seems that the two of you like my punishment very much, so, next, the happy time begins." Yun Xi smiled and watched Ling Yu and Meng Shan wriggling on the ground, their little feet kept rubbing But the toes are tightly bound, unable to move much, so cute and exciting, "You two have a choice, do you want to lick my feet together? Or do you want to lick each other Lick each other's feet?"

Ling Yu had already exhausted almost all his strength just by holding back the ravages of the gadgets in his body, but the more he endured, the stronger the feeling. There was no way to listen to what Yun Xi said, but Meng Shan listened to it in her heart. Although the gadgets were very stimulating, she had already been humiliated and excited twice, and slowly regained some sanity.

"Hmm! Huh!!" Mengshan couldn't speak through the socks, but she looked at Ling Yu and then at Yun Xi, and she still made up her mind to express her thoughts to Yun Xi. After all, he can't run away, so now he can only do whatever he wants.

"Ah, I'm sorry, I forgot that you are still biting the sock, baby, I'll take it out for you."

"Ahem! Ahem..." The feeling of clogging her throat was finally gone, Mengshan took a big breath of fresh air, the silver thread hanging from the corner of her mouth, coupled with her charming expression now, and her lack of possessions The bound body, this is a painting, extremely beautiful and extremely sexy.

"I... I choose to lick her..." Mengshan has already been licked comfortably just now, and now there is a little thing for her to add [undescribable], so there are so many taboos, and, licking herself A sister's feet are better than licking the thief's feet.

"Well, yes, what about you?" After taking off the sock in Ling Yu's mouth, Yun Xi squatted beside her, listening to her wish, "Tell me, do you want to lick your friend, or me?"

"Cough... cough~ I... don't want to lick... ah ah~ I can't take it anymore, please help me turn this off, I...I really can't do it."

With a strong vibrato, under the gaze of Yun Xi and Meng Shan, Ling Yu straightened the rope on her body, shook her shoulders desperately, and tensed the soles of her feet. This strong spasm made her feel the joy of being a woman again. hapiness……

Comfortable, so comfortable... If, if only I could be licked? She doesn't want to lick others... But seeing that Yun Xi has frowned at herself, she knows that now her life and death are in her hands, and she has no right to choose. She could only grit her teeth, made up her mind, and exchanged a glance with Meng Shan: "I...then I'll lick her..."

Same idea as Mengshan, anyway, I want to lick, why not lick my sister's, fat water, it's not out of the field.

"Okay, then you guys serve each other, I'll just watch here." Yun Xi sat down on the ground with a smile, and looked at the two girls in front of her, "Don't blame me if it doesn't start in 5 minutes." Already."

"I...how can we lick it when we are tied like this? Ah...you, you still use this thing to deal with me..." Ling Yu felt that his body temperature had risen a lot, isn't this difficult for others? But... But why did I wish I couldn't do it, and was punished even more severely?

"It's just... ah... at least... at least help us..." Mengshan twisted her body, the excitement in her heart was self-evident, and she no longer had the thought of resistance.

"You are right, I should help you."

Seeing Yun Xi standing up and walking to their side, Ling Yu and Meng Shan felt moved in their hearts, but seeing that Yun Xi just picked up the remote control in his hand, and at the same time put the little things stuffed in their bodies. The power of the gadget was turned on to the maximum, and in an instant, I felt this [indescribable] shaking my soul, completely surrounding me.

"Ahh~~ Don't! Don't!! Why can it be even more powerful~~~" Mengshan's eyes gradually blurred, such a strong feeling, in the current situation, seemed to make her even more excited. Of course, Ling Yu didn't give up much, she didn't even dare to speak, she could only bite her lips hard and clamp her legs tightly to resist the feeling that she didn't want to resist.

"As a reward, I'll give you one more minute. Now, lick it for me!" Yun Xi sat back in front of the two of them again, but her eyes had become cold, as if Ling Yu and Meng Shan hadn't finished licking each other, and she would Make a bigger punishment the same. The two girls were horrified, they could only endure the torment of the most powerful gadget in their bodies, and at the same time they tried to move their bodies to complete the task of licking each other in a short time.

Seeing the two pitiful girls crawling and moving with difficulty on the ground, Yun Xi was so excited that she even touched herself with her hands.

And Ling Yu and Mengshan also cooperated surprisingly well. Although it was the first time for the two of them to do such a thing, without clear communication, they both knew to find a way to keep a distance from each other, and then one climbed forward and the other went forward. Move back, stagger position.

Guessing that he had already reached his position, Ling Yu shook his body from side to side, and with difficulty turned himself to Meng Shan's side, and his feet were right next to Meng Shan's face.

In fact, this is also the first time that Mengshan has watched her sister's feet so closely. It's so cute. With this appearance, it's no wonder that this hateful thief likes to lick it so much. It turns out that Ling Yu's feet are so appetizing...

Mengshan didn't even think about it, she stuck out her tongue and licked it lightly, from her toes to the soles of her feet, it was sweet and sweet, with a hint of sour taste. And Ling Yu couldn't bear it anymore, the gadgets in her body had excited her several times, each time getting stronger.

In addition, now, there is also a good sister Mengshan who licks her tender soles so affectionately. If she hadn't been tied up like this by a rope, now... This appearance is really memorable, no... If she hadn't been The rope is tied, then, maybe it won't feel so strong...

"Hmm~~" Mengshan licked while resisting the gadgets in her body. She was already tortured to the point of excitement, and there were still continuous water marks on the ground.

"It's almost time~ Cutie, you were just being licked, you haven't licked your sister yet."

"What??" Waking up with a single word, Ling Yu woke up from the intoxicated feeling, why, why, it's obviously very comfortable, isn't it? Can't you just be licked like this?

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

"Don't look at me, you should lick each other, you haven't started licking yet, are you ready to accept the most terrible punishment?"

"No...don't! I...I'll lick, Mengshan, hurry up and crawl over."

Ling Yu twisted her waist and turned herself into a prone position. Meng Shan's neck was sore from the tossing, but there was no way, if she didn't cooperate, the good sister would suffer. I can only shake my head, and immediately tilt my body a little bit, and then a little bit.

"It's too late~ Haha, you should be a little sideways so she can reach it." Yun Xi smiled and gave guidance to the two girls, but she didn't help, but continued to watch.

As time passed by, Mengshan had already worked very hard to lift her feet to Ling Yu's face, but Ling Yu was just barely able to reach it. Thinking that the terrible punishment that Yun Xi said just now is close at hand, Ling Yu's tears are about to fall, but at this moment, Yun Xi stands up and announces that the time is up, and Ling Yu has not licked Mengshan's feet...

"Get ready to be punished, my cutie~haha." Yun Xi picked up the backpack, Ling Yu was almost crying, shaking his head, begging for mercy, but Yun Xi just got closer...

"Ding dong~" The doorbell rang suddenly, and even Yun Xi was taken aback. First, she was a thief, and it was normal to feel guilty, but when she came, she was too involved, and she didn't expect anyone to come.

"Don't make a sound! Otherwise, I'll let you bleed!" Yun Xi cataloged fiercely, picked up the dagger in his hand, and faced Ling Yu and Meng Shan. He didn't dare to move, but watched Yunxi walk slowly to the door, and looked at the knocker from the cat's eyes.

"It's Xintong who is here, hurry up, hurry up, don't come in..." Of course Ling Yu and Mengshan knew who was coming, but if this sister was tied up like this when she came in, it would really be over.

Xin Tong pressed the doorbell a few times, but found no movement, not only did not leave, but also dialed Ling Yu's phone, and when she heard the phone ringing in the room, Xin Tong knocked hard on the door again.

Originally, Yun Xi didn't want to cause trouble, and hoped that Xin Tong could leave, but now that Xin Tong had confirmed that there was someone in the room, it was impossible to leave immediately, so Yun Xi decided to pull this guy in together and tie him up. Otherwise, wouldn't it be a big trouble to let her go and go to the property company to call someone?

"You, let her in, don't talk nonsense, otherwise this thing doesn't have eyes!" Yun Xi put the dagger on Ling Yu's neck, the cold metal touch made Ling Yu sweat from fright, and could only follow her. commanded to do so.

"Xin Tong, wait a minute, I'll be right here..." Ling Yu knew exactly what Yun Xi would do, but now there was nothing he could do. He could only pray that Xin Tong would find something strange, get out of the clutches, and find someone to come back to rescue him. Himself, Ke Xintong just said happily outside: "Okay." It made Ling Yu and Mengshan's hearts cold for a while.

...

Yun Xi stood behind the door, took a deep breath, twisted the doorknob with his hands, and slowly opened the door a crack. Now Ling Yu and Meng Shan are already nervous to the point where they can't be more nervous, but they dare not remind Xin Tong at all. Otherwise, Yun Xi might really hurt herself.

"What are you guys doing? It took so long...!!!" As soon as Xin Tong entered the door, she dropped her bag and walked in without looking around. It took several seconds before she realized what Ling Yu and Meng Shan were. Without any clothes on, naked straight arms bound tightly to the ground. Who opened the door for themselves? ?

The moment of losing her soul was enough for Yun Xi to come behind Xin Tong, wrap her arms around her neck, and dangle the knife in front of her eyes...

"Ah!! You... who are you??" Xin Tong finally realized that there was a thief in the house, no wonder the door hadn't been opened for so long. Worse, the two sisters have been tied up like this, so she will be the same Is it the same ending?

"It doesn't matter who I am, the important thing is that you should be like them now, take off your clothes obediently, and let me tie you up."

Looking at the dagger in Yun Xi's hand, Xin Tong regretted it so much, why did she rush into it without even looking at it? If he is also tied up, no one will come to rescue him. And tied like this, I really don't know how sad it is.

But Ling Yu and Mengshan, because of the gadgets in their bodies, both closed their eyes together. Under such a bad situation, they still enjoy this irresistible [undescribable]...

Xin Tong's clothes and sandals had been taken off and thrown aside, and the super tight straight arms were tied at elbows, which made Xin Tong stand up and look up, feeling unspeakably uncomfortable. Binding her feet side by side made her very clear that her future fate would be the same as that of these two sisters.

Being supported and kneeling in front of Yun Xi, Yun Xi took off her socks and kneaded them into balls for Xin Tong to smell and remember her own smell. This made Xintong suffer a lot of humiliation, Yun Xi stepped on Xintong's face lightly, and Xintong was so wronged that she wanted to cry.

"Open your mouth, you'll love the taste."

With Xintong's helpless cooperation, Yun Xi stuffed her socks into Xintong's mouth bit by bit, leaving almost no gaps, and then helped the tightly bound Xintong to the ground, A short rope was tied to Xintong's wrists and ankles, and her elbows were straight, her arms were four horses, and she was tied up...

After tying Xintong's straight arms and four horses, I checked her tied fingers and toes, um, very good. The three sisters should be neat and tidy.

Yun Xi dragged Xin Tong to Ling Yu and Meng Shan, and if one more person was squeezed into the narrow space, now the three girls could only comfort each other with their eyes. Not knowing how Yun Xi would deal with her next, the three girls were worried about themselves.

"The three feet are all pretty good. I really can't tell which one is better. They all smell good." After licking their toes one by one in satisfaction, Yun Xi stood up silently, took out a cloth strip, and wiped the three girls' toes. They were all covered up. Looking at the socks in their mouths, they probably couldn't spit them out. Of course, everyone Yun Xi was pushing the socks into their mouths for them.

The knots are very tight, and you shouldn't be able to move your fingers, but this new girl is missing a good thing.

Yun Xi took out another gadget from the bag, and squatted beside Xin Tong, with smooth movements, before Xin Tong could react, Yun Xi had already gently opened the sensitive place and stuffed the gadget go in. Xin Tong was already extremely wet and slippery, so she easily swallowed this little thing into her body.

As the remote control was directly turned to the maximum, Xin Tong's whole body shook violently like an electric shock. I didn't expect...to treat myself like this. So sad! ! It's so uncomfortable...but...it's also so exciting! !

What happened to me? Xin Tong, who had never experienced this before, immediately ignored the fact that she was being tightly bound right now, and twisted her waist vigorously, coordinating with the strong vibration, and at the same time, she was also worried about the coming [unable Description] is resisting.

The gadgets in Ling Yu and Mengshan's bodies that had been vibrating for a long time were turned on by Yunxi to the maximum power. In an instant, the two girls also writhed under the sudden strengthening stimulation, and the three pairs of white and tender little feet curled up. Swaying gently in the air, the feeling of standing on three legs is awesome, seeing Yun Xi caressing her body unconsciously, it's so cool!

After looking at his work with satisfaction for a long time, Yun Xi realized that he came here today to rob money, not to rob sex. It's been too long. My accomplices are still waiting to pick me up.

These three poor and cute little girls, just let them enjoy it here, finish the serious business first, and then come to take care of them later, it's true.

After stroking three pairs of lovely feet at last, Yun Xi stood up, went back to the room, and began to rummage through the boxes seriously.

Hearing the sound of Yunxi walking away, Mengshan who was tied in the middle touched Ling Yu and Xintong next to her lightly with her body. Now is the last chance. Although it is more difficult than before, not only the eyes are already Can't communicate, and there is more intense raging of this little thing in the body, but at least now that Yunxi is not there, there is a chance, even if it is just a momentary chance. You have to try to break free, otherwise if you wait for Yun Xi to leave and separate the three of them by a certain distance, then there is really no way to have a chance to untie each other.

My girlfriends for so many years, of course, are well aware of Mengshan’s secret code, and with the experience of untying just now, in fact, even though Yunxi tied the rope, the flexibility of the fingers is also much less, you can rub your fingers together , it's okay to loosen the rope a bit. Just look at this.

In the room, Yun Xi didn't suspect the tight ropes on the three girls at all, and even gagged them blindfolded and stuffed them with gadgets, basically blocking all their ways to untie them, so he didn't care about them. Behavior.

This was Yunxi's biggest mistake. Seeing that there was a drawer on the cabinet in the room, Yunxi simply dragged the chair across the room, put the dagger by the bed, climbed up on the chair, and fiddled with the drawer with both hands, wanting to see Is there any treasure in it?

Outside, Mengshan and Ling Yu had already skillfully loosened the ropes of each other's fingers, and both of them freed their fingers. The liberation of the two sisters also made the two sisters feel the dawn.

However, the relentless vibration of the gadgets in their bodies prevented the three girls from fully concentrating on unbinding them. It's so vicious, especially when the excitement comes again and again, the girl will immediately lose the idea of ​​unbinding, and instead wish to be tied tighter...

And Yun Xi is just searching the room, and she may come out soon. Once she sees everyone loosening their fingers again, she will probably be tied up by her until she can no longer untie the rope. Now we have to race against time, no matter how comfortable, how stimulating, how excited, we have to... press down hard... But the more this happens, the more intense the stimulating and comfortable feeling...

No, now, I really can't feel it anymore, I don't know how to untie the rope, after getting out of danger, the three sisters play like this by themselves. Thinking about it this way, this feeling of reluctance is no longer here in Mengshan. She shook her feet hard twice, letting herself approach Ling Yu sideways, and Ling Yu cooperated very well. Although neither of them could see each other, Ling Yu She also shook her feet a bit, letting herself get closer to Meng Shan, and finally, the two girls could hold each other's hands... This feeling has been around for a long time.

Slowly groping for the knot on the wrist, fortunately Yunxi tied a knot directly on the wrist instead of pulling the rope tight on the wrist and then knotting it in a place where other Mengshan can't touch, although his hands are slightly numb , but Mengshan still dexterously loosened the knot on Ling Yu's wrist a little bit, and slowly, slowly, tore off the knot. During the whole process, Ling Yu waited with bated breath, not daring to make a sound, for fear that Yun Xi in the room would hear it, and when he came out to see that everyone had been unbound to such an extent, it was only a matter of time before they were subdued again.

At this time, Ling Yu's hands and wrists had been completely liberated, and the long-lost freedom made her very excited, and the gadgets in her body could no longer stop her from wishing to be unbound.

Taking advantage of her wrist being able to move, Ling Yu also untied the rope on Mengshan's wrist. Finally, the two girls are more flexible now, and the sound of Yunxi rummaging through boxes inside has gradually decreased. will come out. At this time, you can only bite the bullet and continue.

Accompanied by [undescribable] time and time again, after the two girls had freed their wrists, their movements became much more skillful. Ling Yu crawled forward, Meng Shan stayed where he was, and then reckoned to the right place, Ling Yu again Turning sideways, untied Meng Shan's elbow with his hand, this is the most troublesome place. I can't move here, and my hands are basically useless.

And Meng Shan didn't rest, she said that her hands could just reach Ling Yu's feet, and this place happened to be tied with a knot. A knot used to secure the ankle and connect the hands and feet. It was tied tightly here, but with her hands already flexible, Meng Shan could untie it quickly. Although Xin Tong at the side was still twisting her body, enjoying the torment of gadgets, the sisters beside her were not far from being bound.

"It's done!!" Feeling the loosening of her elbows, Mengshan's hands finally felt indescribably relaxed, the damn rope was finally untied. Free, hands free at last! Ling Yu's ankles and the rope connecting his hands and feet were also untied. Her body has finally been relaxed, this feeling, it is better to be free.

Pulling off the cloth strips on the eyes and the socks stuffed in the mouth, it turns out that the fresh air is so beautiful, and so is the world. Really don't want to be tied like that again. At least... I don't want to be tied up like this by someone other than my sisters.

Ling Yu and Meng Shan, who were basically free, untied all the ropes that bound them. The damn gadget in his body was finally taken out. Yun Xi was still in the room. This is a good opportunity, the two of them worked together to untie Xin Tong who was still writhing on the ground, took off all the restraints and gadgets for her, and silenced the confused Xin Tong He gestured for her not to make a sound, because Yun Xi was still in the room.

The girls are all naked now, so it is obviously unrealistic to escape like this, and Yun Xi still has a guy in his hand, once she is disturbed, the consequences will be disastrous.

The three girls looked into the room lightly, and found that the room had been turned into a complete mess, and Yun Xi just kept squatting on the ground, not knowing what to look for, but the dagger on the bed caught the eyes of the three girls! !

"Did you see that? This guy's dagger is on the side. Let's grab her and grab her!" Meng Shan and Xin Tong agreed with Ling Yu's bold idea. Let this damn thief know the pain of being tied up to play with his feet and being forced to be excited!

Ling Yu and Xin Tong nodded, Meng Shan calmed down and rushed into the room suddenly kicking the door open, picking up the dagger on the bed, Ling Yu and Xin Tong each also took a thing in their hands! He fiercely hated this hateful thief who made the three sisters suffer so much humiliation.

"You...how did you guys..." Yun Xi was shocked, this is simply an unbelievable situation, how is it possible! Tied like that, without external force, how could they have a chance to untie the rope?

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

"Bastard! You took a lot of care just now! You made us so miserable! Now it's your turn!" Ling Yu waved the stick in his hand fiercely, pointed at Yun Xi and shouted, "Be honest ! Otherwise, the things in our hands will not have eyes."

"Yes... yes... I get it, don't hurt me..." Seeing the aggressive looks of the three girls, Yun Xi suddenly felt a little excited. Such anti-killing plots have actually appeared in her mind countless times No, I didn't expect to be here today. It's really exciting to let these three little girls who have been rubbed and abused by me just now be subdued like this.

"Don't worry! Fortunately, you didn't hurt us before, we won't hurt you, but what you did to us, we must pay back twice!"

"Okay... no problem... no problem...problem." Yun Xi raised his hands, looked at the three girls surrounding him, and then shyly took off his clothes. "Rope, I should still have it in my bag."

"You're smart!" Ling Yu saw that Meng Shan and Xin Tong had controlled Yun Xi, turned around and went to get the rope in Yun Xi's backpack, "Be honest!"

Seeing that the rope that was originally used to bind others was about to be greeted to herself, Yun Xi not only didn't feel a little nervous, but even showed an excited expression. For kidnapping people, she actually likes being tied up.

"Hard, hard! Don't let her loose!"

The three girls made Yunxi lie on the ground, with her head in her hands and her feet crossed. This posture is completely impossible to resist. Then the three of them picked up the rope and rushed forward!

Although it was the first time to kidnap someone, I had already received a lot of care, and basically knew how to kidnap someone. Holding Yun Xi down is like a bondage, without mercy, and without giving her room to move. The way of the person returns the body of the person.

"It's so tight! Don't be tight anymore." Yun Xi couldn't stand this kind of binding, and began to beg for mercy, but the three girls didn't care about her like this, and straight arms and elbows gave her a firm hand.

"That's how you tied my fingers!" Ling Yu took out the string, and carefully tied Yun Xi's hands and fingers together, leaving no room.

"You tied my toes like this! Let you try it too."

"You still stuffed me with gadgets like this!!!"

The three girls each took their own responsibilities, and easily tied Yun Xi up according to the method of tying them up just now. As soon as the gadget was turned on, even Yun Xi, a man who had been in battle for a long time, immediately arched his body back hard.

"Hmph! Sisters, let's see how to kill her? Let her lick our feet like this, okay?" Seeing that Yun Xi was already terrified and was being ravaged by gadgets, the three girls were so happy. The sense of accomplishment makes them change from passive to active in an instant.

"Not only to lick, but also to lick each other." The three girls sat by the bed together and moved Yun Xi to a position facing them. Yun Xi looked up at the three girls and the three pairs of white feet that they stretched out in front of her face.

All the little feet stepped on Yun Xi's face together, stroking her cheek with the soles of their feet, but Yun Xi felt very comfortable. I can't help sticking out my tongue and licking it, no matter whose feet you are, licking is good.

"Ah, she's really licking it." Xin Tong hurriedly retracted her feet, the tickling feeling made her very shy, "Aren't you ashamed, really."

"Then be serious, after licking, I have to let her judge one, two, three. Okay." Mengshan looked at the two sisters beside her, and everyone agreed with this approach.

Ling Yu's feet stretched out in front of Yun Xi, Yun Xi was unambiguous at all, looked at it seriously, sniffed with his nose, then closed his eyes, and stuck out his tongue to lick lightly intoxicated. The wet saliva wrapped around Ling Yu's toes, and her soft and powerful tongue gently moved between her toes.

"Ahhh~~ so... so comfortable~" Ling Yu also felt relaxed all over his body. He didn't expect this feeling to be so good, even

Ling Yu couldn't help touching his chest with his hands.

From the toes, to the instep, and then from the side to the heel, Ling Yu tilted the sole of his foot, allowing Yun Xi's tongue to slide across the sole of his foot, and then around the arch of his foot, making a circle back and forth.

At this time, Yun Xi was already blushing, not because she was ashamed to lick Ling Yu's feet, but because of the gadgets in her body, she could no longer control herself. The strong vibration made Yun Xi feel very refreshed. And being able to lick such a cute girl's feet made her even more lustful.

Ling Yu also felt a lot under Yun Xi's skills, his feet were already covered with Yun Xi's silver thread, Ling Yu finally sat down on the bed contentedly, moved his position, and let Meng Shan lean over.

"You can actually get excited by licking and licking? What a ridiculous guy." Meng Shan was bullied by Yun Xi, and now she can take revenge, and it is inevitable that she will be ridiculed for a while. But Yun Xi didn't mind at all, just opened his mouth, and touched the pair of white, tender and smooth feet with his flexible tongue.

"Oh~ It feels really different." Mengshan frowned, touched her face with her hand, closed her eyes and enjoyed it, it was comfortable, so comfortable. The sense of conquest is too strong, it is completely different from licking when I was tied up just now. It's all exciting, but it feels better this way.

Mengshan put her two thumbs to Yunxi's mouth greedily, and asked her to stuff her two toes in her mouth at once, and wrap them around with her tongue. All of a sudden, he felt as if his mouth had been stretched, and Yun Xi's eyes were blurred.

Such tender toes, why are they so sweet, Yun Xi is not only licking, but also sucking all the time, she has already pecked her wet toes clean, Yun Xi's body didn't resist at all, because in this situation, It was what she was looking forward to very much.

"Okay, seeing how comfortable you all are, hurry up, it's my turn." Xin Tong patted Meng Shan's shoulder lightly, signaling her to get her feet off quickly and go up by herself.

Mengshan was almost happy now, she smiled and lay down with Ling Yu, reminiscing about the sense of accomplishment just now. Now Xintong is enjoying Yunxi's service by herself.

The little thing in Yunxi's body has made her arch her body forcefully, swing her waist from side to side, and struggle with her feet. This kind of [undescribable], the more resistance the stronger.

As soon as she stuck out her tongue and touched Xin Tong's instep, Yun Xi was already dying, it was so exciting and comfortable! ! awesome! ! It turns out that being tied up and licking other people's feet is such an exciting thing. This spiritual sublimation is far stronger than the physical feeling.

After a while of [undescribable], Yun Xi slowly calmed down. Looking at the pair of tender feet in front of her, she printed her lips on them again, closed her eyes, and kissed while cleaning with her tongue. Every inch of skin on Xintong's feet.

Such an intoxicated expression was absolutely impossible to fake. Yun Xi really enjoyed it, and enjoyed this feeling very much. Although she was a thief, she also tied and bullied Ling Yu and the other three sisters fiercely, but she did not hurt anyone. She is just pure foot control, she likes to lick girls' feet...

The silver thread slowly flowed down from Xin Tong's feet, Yun Xi took a big breath, the three girls' three pairs of feet were all served, she also put her head on the ground contentedly, enjoying the little things the little things gave her. torment.

"Your feet are so good..." Yun Xi couldn't help but said, watching the three girls dangling their feet in front of him, thinking about everything from being kidnapped to being killed and even being tied up here to lick their feet. Such a sense of contrast made Yun Xi's heart throb. And in Yun Xi's heart, he even had a very different feeling towards these three girls.

"Since you think our feet are all good, then you can evaluate them. By the way, whose feet are the best~" Mengshan immediately regained her spirits when she heard Yun Xi's words, and the three girls sat up together , moved Yun Xi's head with her feet, and looked at Yun Xi with interest, waiting for her to comment on her feet...

"Yeah, this young lady's feet are smooth, delicate, and have a very light smell. There are no calluses on the soles of her feet. She probably likes to wear sandals."

Yun Xi looked at Xin Tong's shiny toes very seriously, and did not forget to kiss her again.

"It's amazing, you're right, I like to wear sandals." Xin Tong turned her head and glanced at Ling Yu and Meng Shan, the tension of being tied up by a house robber just now was completely gone, and now it's like playing a game, "Let her try it too."

"Okay, it's up to me." Ling Yu stretched his foot to Yunxi's mouth again, Yunxi leaned over, asked, looked, licked again, closed his eyes and felt it, and after brewing, slowly said her opinion.

Xin Tong walked behind Yun Xi, grabbed her feet with her hands, and scratched at the bottom of her feet, making Yun Xi laugh out loud as if wanting revenge, shaking her feet and body vigorously from side to side, struggling After a while, Xin Tong stopped and let her evaluate Ling Yu's feet.

"Ha... ha... This young lady's feet have very high arches, and they are white and red, which means that the soles of the shoes are usually padded, and the smell of sweat is relatively clear, and it feels a little sour. She should usually like to wear sports shoes shoes, and he likes to exercise, right?" Yun Xi was exhausted just now, but she just tried to raise her head and looked at Ling Yu, with that firm look in her eyes, it was very clear that she was serious.

"Ah, that's right again. It's amazing. I didn't expect to know so much by licking my feet." Ling Yu looked at Meng Shan beside him and urged her to try it too.

Ling Yu also ran behind Yun Xi, smiled at Xin Tong, grabbed her feet together, and scratched her again, making Yun Xi beg for mercy, struggling hard, and finally stopped for a long time, letting her taste Meng Shan feet.

"Well, lastly, this young lady has neat toes and almost perfect shape, which means she doesn't wear high heels or anything like that. And her skin color is balanced and fair, which proves that she won't be exposed to the sun." Yun Xi said, He stuck out his tongue and licked Mengshan's toes again and again, "Well, the taste is similar to that of the young lady just now, which means that the amount of exercise you should have is the same, and you also like to wear sneakers. You should be regular Shall we go to exercise together?"

"Wow! Amazing! You can guess it just by doing this, it's amazing..."

"Thank you for the compliment, I just like it." Yun Xi was a little embarrassed when she heard the three girls praise her like this. As if he was not a thief who broke into the house, but a good sister who had been with him for many years.

"Okay, to reward you~"

The three girls squatted beside Yun Xi, making Yun Xi puzzled for a while, and then pressing Yun Xi's already restless body together, making Meng Shan start to take revenge. Scratching Yun Xi's feet fiercely, until she was about to shed tears, the three girls were satisfied and left her here alone, blindfolded and gagged, and went to bed to rest together.

"I'm exhausted, what should we do with this guy? We can't tie her up all the time, can we?"

"Although it's a bit too much, it didn't hurt us after all, and it's not a bad person. Why don't you let her go?"

"No, no, she's a thief anyway, and if we let her go, but she turns around and arrests us and binds us up, we'll be the ones to suffer..."

"Forget it, she can't run away anyway, let's take a rest first."

The three girls had a random discussion, and they actually fell into a dream together. It seems that they were really tossed. On the other hand, Yun Xi, who was lying on the four horses on the ground, heard the girls' discussion, and felt very entangled in his heart. These three girls are all good guys, but he is a thief after all, forget it, just tie him up, it seems that they will not do anything to him.

After a long time, the three girls had already fallen into a deep sleep, but the door was opened again. This was Yun Xi's accomplice who was letting out the wind before. Seeing that Yun Xi hadn't come out for so long, something must have happened again. Someone who is good at picking locks She entered the room without difficulty. As soon as he came in, he saw that Yun Xi was blindfolded and gagged, his feet were raised, his legs were straightened, his arms were tied tightly to the ground, and there were three naked girls lying on the bed, so he immediately understood what was going on.

Mu Fei walked up to Yun Xi's side lightly, took off the blindfold for her, and made a silent gesture. To be honest, if it weren't for special circumstances, Mu Fei would not let such a great opportunity like Yun Xi go Yes, will definitely scratch her feet until she begs for mercy.

After untying the rope on Yun Xi's body and giving her freedom, Mu Fei and Yun Xi found the rope again, looked at the three sleeping girls on the bed, smiled at each other, gently supported them, and slowly Yes, gently, put their feet together, cross their hands behind their backs, and fasten the simple four horses. The three girls are all the same, first tie them up, and then, after confirming that they are still asleep, but they can't break free from the rope, they take out more rope and tie it generously around their elbows and toes.

"Ah...it hurts!!" Mengshan yelled, because her elbows were suddenly tightened by the rope behind her, and she opened her sleepy eyes in fright. Tired eyelids, but found that his hands had been firmly tied behind his back, and saw that the two sisters around him had already been tied up into straight-armed horses, and they hadn't woken up yet. How deep were these two guys in their sleep? .

"Why...how did this happen?" Seeing Yun Xi standing in front of her, looking complacent, Meng Shan was terrified, and couldn't believe her eyes, feeling as if she was still in a dream. And she clearly felt that there was someone behind her pressing her feet and pulling the rope connecting her hands and feet tightly.

"Despicable! Despicable!! You actually have accomplices!!" Meng Shan twisted her body vigorously, and Ling Yu and Xin Tong who were beside her also just woke up, and they still looked ignorant. Realizing that he was tied up again, this sense of desperation surged up again, and he began to sway from side to side with all his strength.

"Damn it! Why are they tied up again?" Ling Yu and Xin Tong also finally found out their predicament and struggled vigorously, but it didn't help. What's going on? Why were all three of them tied up, but didn't notice it at all.

I made a mistake, I slept too soundly, I never thought that this thief actually has accomplices, this is really miserable. I don't know if this person will be like Yun Xi and won't hurt us?

The three girls straightened their arms again, their fingers were all tied up, and they were placed on the bed pitifully. Surrounded by Yun Xi and Mu Fei.

Here again, the feeling of being licked and scratched made the three girls shake and struggle with each other anxiously, but this time it was two people who came to greet them, and it was nothing to be hugged by Yun Xi and Mu Fei The feet in the room for movement, now have no room for tension and relaxation of the soles of the feet, and they can only let the two of them suck their toes and play with the soles of their feet.

Those white and rosy feet were already blushing from being scratched. The three poor girls were blindfolded and gagged, wanting to cry without tears. regret.

The three girls struggled helplessly for a long time, and finally got used to the ravages, but the gadget that was put into their bodies once again boosted their interest to the extreme... The resistance of the body was brought by the gadget. The endless [indescribable]...can't stop at all...

"I think you should tell me the password of the bank card, my dear." Mu Fei was not as gentle as Yun Xi, and threatened Ling Yu directly, and not only scratched the soles of her feet, but also started to scratch her body. ...This is simply torture. It's too uncomfortable.

Already already terrified, he still had to be scratched all over his body like this. The little things in his body took away even Ling Yu's right to resist. Helpless Ling Yu shed tears of grievance... She could only tell the password of the bank card truthfully, but Mu Fei couldn't fully trust her, so she took out the socks in Ling Yu's mouth and put them back into Ling Yu's. On the feet, I want to take her to the bank to withdraw money. Of course, the gadgets were not brought out for her.

"Yun Xi, please feed those two girls some water, they have been tied up for so long." Mu Fei nodded to Yun Xi, and made a secret sign, the meaning was very obvious, and Yun Xi would also go to the kitchen to pour water. He poured water, stirred some white powder until it melted into the water, and brought it to Mengshan and Xintong.

"Acquaintance, we have no intention of hurting you, give you some water, and be honest with me, we won't embarrass you when we get the money."

After all, Yun Xi took off the socks from Mengshan and Xintong's mouths, and under their moved eyes, made them drink the water mixed with strange powder, and then stuffed the socks back.

Seeing Yun Xi and Mu Fei holding Ling Yu away, how could Meng Shan and Xin Tong be so honestly tied up here waiting to die? The ghost knows if you will torture us again after you come back. Humans must first be free.

"Hmmmm!!" and Xintong exchanged "hmmm" a few times. With the experience of untying just now, although the rope is also tied tightly, Mengshan is very confident that she can cooperate with Xintong as before. Get out of trouble together.

Although Xin Tong was blindfolded and didn't see Ling Yu and Meng Shan unbinding each other just now, she guessed a little bit in her heart. Now that the little thing has just finished wreaking havoc on her, and her body is still calm, Xin Tong immediately tries to turn her body sideways, so that Meng Shan can easily touch her fingers and untie her more easily.

In fact, Mengshan basically knew Xintong's location, and the two kept making noises to let each other confirm their location. As expected of good sisters, they have such a tacit understanding...? ? ?

"Hmm? What kind of strange feeling is this?" Mengshan's heart suddenly became excited. What's going on? I feel that my body temperature has suddenly risen?

"Ahhh!!" Why is my body so sensitive all of a sudden? Obviously, it was fine just now, and there was no other stimulation. But, but in this way, in this way... no, you must calm down...

But Mengshan and Xintong had the same ruddy complexion, and they couldn't even let themselves lie on their sides, so they could only lie back together and clenched their fists. What's the reason for this strong throbbing? The two girls didn't know. Although they couldn't communicate, they knew very well that they had to suppress the excitement, otherwise... ahhhhh! !

No, I can't hold it down at all, little thing! The little thing suddenly became so powerful that it was bound to jump. This experience had already made the two girls feel scared, but now under the action of the powder in the water just now, there was a new sense of excitement, which was extremely exciting. Heartbeat……

"There is something wrong with the water I drank just now... This feeling, why is it so like... a love potion? Damn, I fell for it. It is impossible for this kind of thief to be so kind."

It's over, if you are dazzled by the effect of the love potion, you will easily get lost in the vibration and ravages of the gadgets, and you won't even think about untying the rope at all. Mengshan tensed her feet tightly, but her fingers were tied together side by side, making it difficult to pinch herself to keep herself awake.

As for Xin Tong, she was already moaning next to her, so intoxicated and charming. She was completely overwhelmed by the effects of the love potion and the vibrations of the gadget. Now, even if he could move to Xintong's side, she probably wouldn't cooperate with him in untying each other's ropes. However, we cannot give up hope.

"Xintong, hold on." Mengshan tried her best in the end, trying to let herself touch Xintong and bring her back to her sanity... But, the vibration of the gadget was too strong...Mengshan finally Will, has also been completely immersed in such [undescribable][undescribable]... almost unable to extricate themselves, do not want to

Untie the rope again...

………………
…………
...

"Can you walk slowly..." On Ling Yu's side, it was very difficult to walk wearing socks wet with saliva, and with the small vibrating gadgets stuffed in his body, it was even more difficult for Ling Yu to move freely, "I really want to walk It's not moving."

"Don't be verbose, or you'll be attractive. Don't play tricks!" Mu Fei threatened Ling Yu fiercely, "Just be honest and leave."

"Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooth... ” Ling Yu feels aggrieved almost to cry, because she is very clear in the heart, even if withdrew money to return home, this pair of socks probably still can be stuffed back to oneself In the mouth... This feeling, the awkwardness makes Ling Yu want to cry but has no tears.

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

"Well, the password is correct, but why do you only have this little money?" Mu Fei frowned and looked at Ling Yu, and then looked at the balance in the teller machine, "Won't you save more money?"

"Hey, we don't have much money... This is already a month's living expenses." Ling Yu cried so sad that Mu Fei and Yun Xi almost sympathized with her, but since she is a thief, she should get it I still have to take it.

"Forget it, don't embarrass you, just give me all these, and then go back and tie you up, and we will leave. I won't hurt you, but you will continue to go home honestly."

"Yes..." Ling Yu, who had been tormented by Yun Xi and Mu Fei and almost lost his ability to think, didn't want to think about it anymore, he just wanted to send these two evil gods away quickly. Hurry up and rush home with them...

"Ah~~Ling Yu, why are you here, these two are your friends?"

As soon as she turned her head, she saw Yulu waving at her. This girl is very eye-catching in this pair of sandals, but her small feet have cute and slender toes.

"..." Ling Yu didn't pay attention to her. Now that he was in such a situation, he didn't dare to say anything. If he got involved with this sister again, he would really feel sorry for her. That kind of feeling is really uncomfortable.

Three steps and two steps, Ling Yu and Yulu plugged in and passed by, as if they didn't see her, which made Yulu a little depressed, obviously walked over, such a good sister, actually pretended not to know herself? Is it possible to forget old girlfriends when you have new friends? Yulu didn't think too much about it, and wanted to chase after her to find out...

"Ling Yu, your sister is not bad, call her home together. I like her."

"No, I... ah..." Mu Fei didn't wait for Ling Yu's response at all, and directly turned on the remote control switch and slowly turned it to the maximum power. The sudden vibration made Ling Yu almost kneel on the ground. Looking at the serious faces of Mu Fei and Yun Xi, thinking that they were all carrying daggers, how could Ling Yu dare to resist, so he could only nod reluctantly, then turned around and greeted Yulu...

"Hehe, Yulu, you're here too? These two are my friends." Ling Yu looked at Yulu with a half-smile, hoping that she would find something strange and refuse her invitation, but Yulu was a little upset took the initiative to speak.

"Ah? Where are you going? I also said that I have nothing to do today and I want to go to your house to play." Yulu didn't notice Ling Yu's strangeness at all, and kept trying to post it to prove that she and Ling Yu had a better relationship.

"I..." The little thing under Ling Yu's crotch had been shaken very strongly, and his feet were still weak, and he squatted down on the spot, but now he could only hold on.

"What a coincidence, we are going to play at Ling Yu's house, why don't we go together?" Mu Fei snatched Ling Yu's words and took the initiative to invite Yulu. She knew that this girl would definitely come.

"Okay, okay~ let's go together~ I'm Ling Yu's best friend Yulu, what do you call the two sisters?"

"What a lively little sister, haha~"

The four walked back together like this, Ling Yu wanted to cry, seeing Yulu foolishly falling into the wolf pit, but didn't dare to remind her, and Yunxi held her arm, holding the remote control in her hand There is still a dagger in his pocket, which makes Ling Yu very cautious, so he can only be anxious, watching the talkative Yulu and Mu Fei, who hit it off, walking in front, talking and laughing.

"Idiot, idiot! Idiot!" Ling Yu cursed in his heart, but he couldn't think of a way to remind Yulu to pay attention, and even if he really reminded her, he must be the one who turned around, because he had no chance of escaping in this state ...

Getting closer and closer to home, Ling Yu's heart was in her throat, but Yulu, who lacked a heart, took the initiative to pull Mu Fei towards Ling Yu's house, which also made her almost fall into despair ...

At the door of the house, I don't know if Mengshan and Xintong can get rid of the shackles on their bodies. If they can escape, then there is still hope... But after the door is opened, Meng Shan and Xintong are lying on their stomachs and twisting their bodies in the room. Shan and Xintong made Ling Yu almost lose all hope.

"Then, good sister. You can take off your clothes with Ling Yu." Yunxi closed the door, and Mu Fei took out a dagger and pointed at Yulu who had just talked to her, "It's a pleasure chatting with you, but Forgot to tell you, we are here to rob."

The sudden change made Yulu's face pale, her head almost exploded, and she lost her ability to think. Just stupidly looking at Mu Fei, who just thought she was a good sister, Ling Yu, who was frowning helplessly, and Yu Lu, who was completely at a loss, was about to cry, and couldn't believe it was real. .

But the gleaming dagger is not a prop. Seeing Ling Yu skillfully taking off his clothes, shoes and socks, and Yulu, he realized that Ling Yu turned a blind eye to him just now. Stupid.

"Okay, my good sister, now you have to bite these socks..."

Mu Fei instructed Ling Yu to stuff the socks in Yulu's mouth, and poor Yulu, under the double blow of force and panic, had to open her mouth, feeling the pair of socks stuffed by Ling Yu. The sour smell of worn and worn socks...

"Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! Actually wearing this smell to plug my mouth.

"I forgot to tell you, are you the third or fourth owner of this pair of socks." Yun Xi said with a smile while grasping Yulu's hands, "The smell is too strong, right? Just get used to it."

"!!" It turns out that these sisters have bitten this pair of socks, and their saliva is mixed with the smell of sweat from their feet. God, you...are you human! !

Straight arms and elbows were tied together, making Yulu lose all room to move, and then she took special care of her, binding Yulu's wrists around her waist, and then tied the rope tightly until Yulu's slender waist was tightened. "I'm going to die, I can't breathe!! Can you loosen it up a bit!!" Yulu knew that once the rope was tied tightly, she wouldn't be able to untie it. How could she stick to it like this? My hands are completely numb now.

However, not only was the rope not loosened, but Yun Xi and Mu Fei tied their body and arms tightly, tied up and down their chest several times, and then tied a "V" knot, so that Yulu could only Breathing through the mouth, the nose is not enough. But the almost breathless taste in her mouth made her almost faint, but Yun Xi and Mu Fei didn't intend to let her go at all. Since this new toy is here, of course it has to be treated well, right?

Ling Yu on the side had long forgotten to resist, and just used his hands to protect his body. Seeing Yulu being tortured and bound by these two gangsters, Ling Yu felt a sense of gloating in his heart at this moment. Because there is rain and dew, I will definitely suffer less.

Of course, Xin Tong and Meng Shan in the room thought the same way, and they were also glad that they had one more person to share their pain with. At this moment, the rain and dew have been bound tightly by the very, very strong straight-armed four-horse hooves. Except for the rope and the sock in his mouth, he has nothing on his body, and of course, there is this little thing that is about to be stuffed into his body.

Ling Yu saw that Yulu's binding had been completed and the remote control had been turned on. She put her hands on her back very obediently, waiting for her own binding. However, Mu Fei and Yun Xi did not relax the rope that bound Ling Yu because of Yulu's relationship. The same straight arms and four horses even felt tighter than Yulu. It hurts, it hurts so much. Why are you still tying me up so hard? Isn't it already tied to Yulu? Haven't enjoyed it yet?

Yulu's socks smell much better than her own, but they are also more irritating. Just like that, it was directly stuffed into Ling Yu's mouth, um, I really think, this treatment is not bad...

Bind Yulu and Ling Yu again and carry them back to the room. The four girls gathered together, and the four pairs of bare little feet were turned up, rosy in white, neat and tidy, so cute. Mu Fei couldn't help but gave Yun Xi a high five.

"Haha, come on, let's each try two." Yun Xi ran to the girls and looked at their feet, they were all jade feet that fascinated her. It's nice to be young.

"Yes, but I want this new one." Mu Fei walked over with a smile, and touched Yulu's feet with her hand, and Yun Xi actually wanted to taste Yulu's feet, after all, the other three girls' feet, she Have tried several times.

"I also want Sister Yulu's feet, how about we guess the punch?" Yun Xi turned her back, pulled her hand into a fist, and looked at Mu Fei, but what she got in return was not Mu Fei's response to her, but a bright dagger , "You... what do you mean?"

"Take off your clothes and get down." Mu Fei said to Yun Xi without a trace of emotion, causing Yun Xi to be terrified. Of course, the four girls on the bed were even more confused.

"You... want to be black and black? It's not necessary, we have cooperated so many times." Yun Xi raised his hands and wanted to step back, but there was already a wall behind him.

"I'm not interested in cheating, but I'm interested in tying five at a time. Stop talking nonsense! Hurry up!" Mu Fei licked her lips, holding the rope in her hand, letting Yunxi know that she was not joking, He could only swallow his anger and slowly took off his clothes.

"I'll be angry if you do this!" Yun Xi said, but she didn't dare to resist Mu Fei who was holding a dagger. She knew that Mu Fei was not as soft-hearted as she was.

"Get down on the ground, put your head in your hands, cross your feet, and stuff my sock in your mouth yourself!"

With that said, Mu Fei raised her feet, took off her socks, and threw them in front of Yun Xi. He also shook the dagger in his hand to signal her not to waste time. Yun Xi had no choice but to follow suit. It's just that the smell of Mu Fei's socks is more sour and pungent than she imagined, "Do you like it? I specially wear them for you just for this day."

"!!"

Damn, it turned out that I had already been counted into it. But now Yun Xi, who has no right to speak, can only lie on the ground, with his head in his hands and his feet crossed. In this posture, no matter how powerful a person is, they cannot immediately resist the things around them, because it is inconvenient to move. And Mu Fei knew this very well, she rode directly on Yunxi's back, and put the knife on the bed, just in front of Yulu, Yulu could see it, but couldn't get it. I could only sigh heavily, I almost fainted under the smell of socks, how could I have the strength to untie it by myself. And in my body, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. !

Hands and feet were tied tightly, just as all the ropes were used up, and Yun Xi was also treated as a straight-armed four-horse gag. Of course, Mu Fei was very surprising. Out came a bauble with slime hanging from it. She has been carrying it with her all the time? ?

"This is freshly baked. I'm a good sister, so I'll share it with you. Come on, put it in for you." Struggling hard, Yun Xi only realized at this moment how crazy and twisted this partner is, but now it's even worse. Now was the chance to resist, she could only close her eyes, and was put into this gadget under the disgusted eyes of the four girls. Not only does this thing have Mu Fei's body temperature, it's even stronger than others.

"!!" Looking at Mu Fei with hatred in his eyes, Yun Xi at this moment just wanted to scold her severely, but all of this was useless. Damn it, you can even attack your own people, you can do it! !

"Don't look at me with such eyes now, or wait a minute, you won't know what eyes to use~haha~"

"Come on, sister, come and take care of everyone."

All five girls were put together and moved for a long time, but Mu Fei was exhausted. After all, it is not easy for one person to move everyone. The girls on the bed were lined up horizontally, with Yun Xi in the middle, Ling Yu and Yu Lu on both sides, and Xin Tong and Meng Shan. The five pairs of feet were neatly placed together, and Mu Fei took out her mobile phone and kept shooting. This embarrassing look was photographed, and the girls really wanted to die.

"Start with you, my good sister." After Mu Fei finished speaking, her tongue had already licked Yun Xi's thumbs. In order to prevent her from moving, Mu Fei specially tied her thumbs with a string .

Poor Yun Xi was itchy and refreshed, the nasty thing in her body was still moving around, giving her no chance to struggle. How can this be done by humans, obviously I should be able to taste these cute girls, okay? Mu Fei, you are too despicable.

"It's...delicious, sour, I like it." Mu Fei greedily grabbed Yun Xi's ankle with her hands, her white and tender, extremely smooth feet made her fondle admiringly, while stroking her heel, While spinning his tongue in the gap between each of Yunxi's toes. Yun Xi just wanted to take a deep breath, but the socks in her mouth prevented her from breathing smoothly.

"Don't don't! It's itchy, you're going too far! Mu Fei! I want to break up with you!" Writhing her body, the helpless Yun Xi has already regretted it. In such a situation, Yun Xi is really going to regret it now. There are so many cute feet, I really want to taste them, I really want to lick their feet, but I don't want Mu Fei to lick herself.

Seeing that Yun Xi was already struggling badly, and that she was already in convulsions, Mu Fei licked her lips in satisfaction, and gently put down Yun Xi's feet, "That's really good, a good partner, I've already had your feet I’m salivating, I can taste it today, and I’ve fulfilled my wish. Wait a minute, you want to taste mine too. But, I want to lick my little sister Yulu even more now.”

After saying this, Yulu's heart ached. Yun Xi's appearance just now scared her, and she wanted to run away, but there was no chance at all, there was no way. The hands and feet seem to grow together behind the back, where can I move? The sock in the mouth is so pungent, and, there is the thing in the body, ah, it's too much, this kind of treatment. Everyone was tied up, and all five of them had nothing to do with her.

"You're so cute, sister Yulu. In fact, my sister likes you very much. From the first time I saw you, I wanted to treat you like this. You won't blame my sister, right?" Mu Fei stretched out her hand while wiping Yulu's feet. between her legs, and then, suddenly scratched.

"!!" Wow ha ha ha ha ha, good! itch! ah! ! ! ! ! How can Yulu stand such a tickle? The inner thigh is the most ticklish, okay? How could it be like this, why... I might not be able to stand you licking my feet, you...you still like this... no way! No, can't breathe, hahahahaha,

I can't breathe anymore! ! ! Hahahahahaha! !

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

Yulu's crotch was immediately wet, and the sweat mixed with strange mucus made her very uncomfortable. why treat me like this! !

"It's so cute, sister Yulu, your feet are white and tender, I really like them." Seeing Yulu's little feet rubbing back and forth, Mu Fei couldn't bear it anymore, and grabbed them tightly with her hands. Looking at the soles of her feet carefully, Mu Fei was fascinated by this cute pair of gadgets, and the taste was also superb. Sour, salty. There is also a trace of dried sweat. It made Mu Fei very satisfied.

"Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! Even if it means taking the sock out of your mouth. Such forced stimulation made Yulu almost lose consciousness, and Mu Fei's tongue licked every inch of Yulu's toes. Even the space between the toes was licked wet.

It's really great, these feet are definitely not worse than those of good partner Yun Xi. Even in terms of taste, it is even higher. Haha, this is the treasure house, the treasure house of the best jade feet. I found all the remote controls of the thing in the girls' bodies and put them in front of everyone. Then, Mu Fei turned on all the remote controls to the maximum power in front of everyone. All of a sudden, the girls were moaning and writhing. stand up. The scene is so spectacular. And this is what Mu Fei has always wanted to see.

"It's great, it's the first time I've seen this scene in my life, girls, you are all good, sister, I can't help it, if someone can tie me up among you Well, I envy you all so much. Haha, but there is no other way, my sister can only bully you."

Seeing Mu Fei's incoherent speech, even with some madness, everyone gasped, and really didn't know what she would do.

"But everyone, don't worry, sister, I won't hurt anyone, but I won't let you have any chance to escape." After speaking, Mu Fei took out the tape and glued the girls' palms together one by one. In this way, even if you put a pair of scissors in front of everyone now, there is no way for everyone to use them to untie them.

The five girls looked at each other in despair. Everyone knew that everyone's fate now depended on Mu Fei's mood, and everyone was completely depressed. Especially Xintong and Mengshan, whose hands and feet were already numb and lost consciousness. If you tie it like this, it will really collapse. But Mu Fei didn't care so much, and it wasn't her who was tied up.

After tasting all five girls one by one, Mu Fei was already blushing, but the gadgets were gone. She really wants it now, she really seems to want it, but she doesn't want to take away the girls' happiness, what should I do, the rope is gone. Otherwise, it would be good to tie a tight rope.

But now there is nothing. Mu Fei's excited heart made her really want to be one of them, and she even forgot that she was here to rob.

"Be honest with me, all of you. I'll go down to buy something and then come up. If I come up and find that someone has untied the rope, or tried to untie the rope, don't blame me."

After all, Mu Fei took the key to the room, checked the ropes on each girl, and left after confirming that it was impossible for them to untie themselves. Her goal is the supply store not far away, where she should be able to buy what she wants. Ahh, lovely girls, I'll be with you.

Seeing that Mu Fei closed the door and left, everyone looked at each other. Although they were all pouting and unable to communicate, how could the sisters who had already experienced two times of unbinding, how could they let go of this chance of escape, as long as there is one person who can successfully untie Just tie it. But can it really be done this time?

Yun Xi in the middle, of course everyone will not cooperate with her, everything started because of her, even if everyone can untie the rope, they will not let her go. Everyone thinks this way, but if Yunxi is ignored, Xintong and Mengshan can only cooperate, and Yulu and Ling Yu can only cooperate. This is difficult, because if Xintong and Mengshan could cooperate to untie them, they would have untied them just now when they were going to withdraw money. Xintong and Mengshan had no intention of trying again, because it was much more difficult than before, and their palms were glued together.

But Yulu has never had such an experience, and she can't turn over at all. Everyone's hope can only be pinned on Ling Yu. However, Ling Yu has also been tied up for too long. My hands and feet are numb, although I can turn over, but so what? With the hands glued together, there is no chance to make small movements. Time passed by every minute and every second, and everyone made no progress at all, and Yun Xi in the middle couldn't get any help. Of course, even if there was help, it would be in vain.

Damn it, it’s really too much. I’m driving this thing for everyone, and my hands and feet are all tied up until I’m numb and lose consciousness. If you leave like this after the next scene, Fei’s happiness is over, wouldn’t everyone be called Tian Tianying? It’s too dangerous. up.

However, before everyone had any sign of untying the rope, Mu Fei had already returned. Her face was flushed, her face was full of intoxication, and everyone didn't know what she had done to herself. As soon as Mu Fei entered the door, she locked the door and took off her clothes. Then, he took out the rope he had just bought from his bag, and skillfully tied the tortoise shell for himself. Then, he took out the handcuffs, handcuffed one of his hands, and put the keys on the ground casually. Then, Mu Fei walked up to everyone and opened her legs. Only then did everyone see that there was a very exaggerated stuff stuffed into Mu Fei's body. Is that how she walked back? Seeing Mu Fei's appearance of not letting her go, everyone's hearts were even more suspended.

"Girls, sister, I'm here to accompany you too. Haha, I deliberately disclosed the situation here to other colleagues. If we are still like this before they come, we will be in trouble. The key to the door , I put it outside the door. As long as they come, they can open the door and come in to subdue us at any time. How about it, exciting? Although I also came to rob, but I can’t care about so much, I really want to be with you~ ~"

As she said that, Mu Fei licked every girl's feet again, and then she climbed [undescribable] together, lay down in front of everyone, stuffed her mouth with her underwear, and wrapped it tightly with tape of. Is this guy for real? ? Could it be that there are really other thieves coming later? ? Dead, dead, like this, if there is another person more terrifying than Mu Fei, wouldn't everyone have to explain it here?

Seeing that Mu Fei handcuffed her ankles with handcuffs, her thumbs were also handcuffed to her toes, then she skillfully used the handcuffs to go around the ankles, pulled them back, and gave herself a four-horse handcuff. Immediately afterwards, everyone was speechless...

"!!" Everyone's eyes could even stare at Mu Fei in front of him, this guy was so crazy that he even fell into it. It's really unexpected. Moreover, everyone can clearly see that if she doesn't get the key, Mu Fei can't untie herself. Moreover, there will be other people who can open the door and come in at any time, and they all know the situation here, which is really dangerous.

But Mu Fei seemed to be enjoying it. I don't know if she felt the excitement because of the unknown, or she knew it well. Anyway, everyone was anxious by her. However, although Mu Fei's bondage is relatively simple, her hands and feet are tightly handcuffed together, making it difficult to move easily. Everyone wants to untie the rope now, and only now, you can do it blatantly. But it is simply impossible to untie each other. At this moment, Ling Yu saw the dagger that Mu Fei put on the living room floor. Although I can't hold this thing in my hand, but when I get near the dagger, maybe there is a way to solve it. This dagger that made me feel terrified has become the only sustenance in Ling Yu's heart at this moment.

Ling Yu swayed his body from side to side and moved back, hoping to let himself get down under the bed, but it was really tied too tightly. After moving like this for several minutes, he could hardly make himself move back an inch. The numb hands and feet and the nasty gadget inside his body made Ling Yu really anxious and angry now, and there was nothing he could do, and he was really going to be depressed. Yulu was crying foolishly all the time, and she couldn't think of a way to save herself, except for shaking her feet, she couldn't do anything. Yun Xi was even worse, she was bound so tightly that she couldn't move, and was sandwiched between several girls. She had no choice but to resign herself to fate.

Xin Tong and Meng Shan had already given up, seeing Ling Yu still struggling with his last strength, they sighed heavily, that's all. Mu Fei doesn't care whether she is free or not, and she even enjoys the joy of being trapped here with six people. She is the one who has the best chance of being free, but she is also the last to want to.

"This lunatic!" Ling Yu got angry when he saw Mu Fei, but there was nothing he could do about her. If he could untie the rope now, he still had a chance to make a decision. If the person Mu Fei was looking for came, it would be over. ah!

Vigorously shaking his feet from side to side, through the swing of his feet, he managed to turn himself sideways. In this way, there is an opportunity, at least to bend the body a little bit, and let yourself move. In this way, he retreated to the bed like a worm. Then, feeling that her knees had left the bed, Ling Yu took a deep breath, not caring how much she disliked the smell of socks in her mouth, so she slowly moved back, curling her body to let her Feet off the bed. Now is the most painful time!

Because the four horses with straight arms were tied too tightly, as soon as his feet left the bed, he fell down. Before Ling Yu was ready, he fell heavily under the bed. Land on your knees, then fall sideways. Fortunately, there is a soft cushion here, which just catches Ling Yu, otherwise this blow will definitely not be light. Ling Yu's heart was raised in his throat. Breathing heavily, through the pair of socks, inhaling the smell deeply.

"It hurts...Damn it, if I untie the rope, I will definitely not let you go!"

Ling Yu just moved towards the direction of the dagger. During this period, she had already been numb from the shock. Although she still experienced [undescribable] of different intensities time and time again, that intoxicating feeling has become My current normal state, "Hold it! Be sure to hold it back, don't be greedy for this [undescribable]."

From this angle, only Yulu can see what Ling Yu is doing. Of course, others know that she must have thought of a way to untie her, but can she really do it? Everyone was also very disturbed, it was Mu Fei who was enjoying [undescribable] while watching Ling Yu's actions. She even praised Ling Yu in her heart, because if she was tied like this, she might not be able to get out of bed.

And Ling Yu has gradually mastered the knock on the door crawling forward. She shook her shoulders from side to side, and moved her body slowly, crawling forward little by little. Although it's been a long time, I can see that she is almost crawling to the door.

"Come on! It's not far away!!" Ling Yu gradually felt hopeful and cheered himself up. The sisters could no longer help. Now, everyone's fate is in their own hands. However, suddenly there was a "bang" sound behind him, it was Mu Fei, and she also fell down? No, what did she come down for?

Mu Fei's wrists and ankles are tightly handcuffed together, her movement will not be much faster than Ling Yu, but after all her other joints are not restricted, of course her mobility is much stronger, even if she rolls, she is better than Ling Yu rolling Hurry up, and even though her toes are handcuffed together, the palms of her hands are still free. Let her come over, and the dagger will definitely be taken away! No, you must not let her come here.

But when other people found out that Mu Fei was going to stop Ling Yu, it was too late for them to help. They watched Mu Fei rolling her body and quickly chasing Ling Yu. After Ling Yu crawled, Mu Fei almost rolled to her side.

"It's too much! You still want to hinder me at this time??" Although Mu Fei was restricted by her hands and feet, she couldn't use a dagger to untie herself, but after all, she had more room for movement and was more beneficial than herself. Although the sisters didn't shout out, Ling Yu knew that Mu Fei was getting closer, she was anxious, so anxious! ! Damn it! Why did you tie me up so tightly! ! !

If Mu Fei went to the front to block her first, she would not be able to push her away no matter what because she was tied up like this, so she could only... Hurry up! God! ! Please let me get this dagger first! ! !

The prayer in her heart was pious and attentive, but God did not hear Ling Yu's heartfelt voice. Mu Fei had already come to her side, and she had gradually surpassed Ling Yu's progress. Ling Yu is really about to burst into tears, you hateful lunatic! Wait until someone else really comes, it's your business if you want to die, we don't want to die with you! ! !

At this critical moment, Ling Yu was actually too honest, ushering in an extremely strong [undescribable]. She couldn't figure it out herself, why...why did she feel this time! ! The stiff body caused Ling Yu's feet to cramp. This is really miserable. There is no way to relax the body, and the cramps will not disappear! ! what to do? ? Does God want to see this hateful lunatic insult himself and his sisters again?

But the fact is that, Mu Fei, who took the lead first, has already rolled to the side of the dagger. This thing is very sharp, and Mu Fei didn't dare to grab it with her hands without seeing it. Otherwise, it is not a joke to be cut. But Mu Fei, who was already standing between Ling Yu and the dagger, was already the winner. There is no way for Ling Yu to cross or push Kai Fei to get the dagger... everything is over.

Desperate to the point of tears, Ling Yu knew that his fate was no longer in his hands. what to do? In the stairwell, the sound of high heels going upstairs has already been heard, which is not made by other tenants usually walking. Maybe it's the peers that Mu Fei said, it's over, it's really over. As soon as they come in, take the dagger away, everyone... everyone will have to bite these socks forever, hateful Yun Xi and Mu Fei, are you still human? If you want to die, go die yourself, robbing is robbing, why are you doing so many tricks?

Ling Yu really saw the ruthless person who didn't even let him off today. But it's useless, Mu Fei looks complacent, and she just wants to curse her, and she can't do a few words, let alone the current state. And that terrible footsteps really stopped in front of his house like a ghost.

Hearing this person's tentative knock on the door, Ling Yu really wanted to shout, because it might scare the other person away, but the socks stuffed in her mouth did not allow her to do so. The sisters on the bed were also completely desperate, not to mention untying the rope, they lost their desire to survive.

Hearing that there was no response in the room, the man started to rummage outside the door, maybe he was really looking for the key, because Mu Fei said that the other party knew where the key was. And the soft laughter from outside the door let Ling Yu know that the key had been found. I hope that the person who came here will leave after taking what he wants. Don't torture everyone anymore, at least, you can give everyone a little hope of freedom, even if it's just to untie the tape on your hands.

The sound of the door lock being opened by the key made everyone hold their breath. As long as this person came in, the situation of the six people inside could be seen at a glance.

A pair of beautiful legs wearing silky red high heels came in from the door. this

The man didn't even cover his face, and his short hair gave the girls a breath of air. After looking around, he looked at Mu Fei on the ground, and immediately understood what Mu Fei said was true, so he turned around and closed the door , and then lock the door. Then he took off his high heels. walked into the room.

"Sure enough, as you said, take care of yourself and wait for me." The woman squatted down and touched Mu Fei's head, and smiled with satisfaction, "In return for giving me such a good gift, your feet will Come and help you try it."

This person seemed to have no interest in Ling Yu beside him. After removing the dagger, he walked up to Mu Fei and licked her feet with his tongue. She looked like she was enjoying herself, she had wanted to try this for a long time, and her identity had long been forgotten by her, this kind of feeling was what she was after.

"It's great, it really is the best, I can't enjoy it alone, let all my friends come."

Counting the number of people with her hands, the woman picked up the phone and called, telling five people to come here together and continue the carnival tonight. After hearing what this woman said, everyone felt ashamed, even Mu Fei was still happily waiting to be ravaged.

As soon as the phone was hung up, the woman smiled evilly, "Sisters, just wait until dawn, my friends are all masters~ But first, I have to taste everyone's taste , because, I will pick first later, hahaha~~~"

Saying that, after tasting Mu Fei and Ling Yu's feet again, the woman stood up and greedily walked towards the four girls in the room...