//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

     "Smelly guy, please be honest, I'm driving!!"

     Yudie pushed away Lingshan's salty pig's hand stretched out from the back row, and screamed vigorously. But Lingshan continued to pinch Yudie's chest with her hand from behind with a playful smile. The soft feeling makes people feel hooked.

     Although the car drove very slowly and was already close to the destination, Yudie was also very uncomfortable with such interference, especially after she yelled a few times, Lingshan not only did not restrain herself, but instead stretched her hand to her skirt, He lifted up Yudie's skirt, and gently scratched Yudie's delicate thighs with his fingers.

     "How dangerous, don't mess around, it's so itchy!!" Yudie simply parked the car on the side of the road, pouted, and couldn't get angry, "No one is serious! You can't bother the driver like this when driving!"

     Yudie said it, but her cute little face was already flushed. The long black hair matched with the character of her sister next door is absolutely perfect. She is usually gentle and pleasant, but in private, when she is with Lingshan, her personality is completely different. Although Lingshan is one year younger than her, Yudie often gets angry with her like a baby.

     Lingshan is different, she is bad on the surface, but she is still bad in private. And she is lecherous, without the restraint of a little girl at all. Maybe it's because of their complementary personalities. Yudie and Lingshan have a very good relationship, but they always like to bicker with each other. Of course, Yudie is bullied by Lingshan every time.

     "Okay, it doesn't matter if you don't drive, the beach is not far ahead, let's just walk over there. I'll tie you up and go." Lingshan put forward her request very simply, causing Yudie's heartbeat to speed up suddenly, but she shook her head desperately disagree.

     "Why do you have to tie me there! No, no! Are you ashamed!" Yudie sat on the driver's car with her head lowered, blushing, one hand grabbing the corner of her clothes, and the other protecting her skirt Side, "You will tie me up every now and then, will I let you tie me up?"

     "It's none of my business if you agree or not?" Lingshan took the rope out of her bag, and put it in front of Yudie with a smile, she was not polite at all, "Bring your hands here."

     "You..." Seeing Lingshan's attitude, Yudie was really a little annoyed, but she didn't have much resistance in her heart, she was just very shy. I really don't know how Lingshan could say such a thing so casually. If someone is embarrassed, come.

     "No! Don't tie it first, otherwise how can I change clothes later?" Yudie gently pushed Lingshan's hand holding her wrist away, and was about to get out of the car, "Besides, there are so many people here... If you see it, you...are you not afraid of being ashamed?"

     "That's right, you can't change your clothes if your hands are tied, so let's change your clothes first."

     After speaking, Lingshan began to pull Yudie and take off her coat. And Yudie just twisted briefly, followed Lingshan, and very cooperatively let her take off her coat and skirt. The white bikini she had already worn on her body was exposed.

     "You're going too far!!" Yudie yelled, but she just put her hands on the chair, turned her head to one side, and didn't look at Lingshan.

     "Uh, why do you have such a good figure?" Lingshan kneaded Yudie's chest very smoothly, and rubbed it a few times.

     "Well... don't touch me..."

     Lingshan didn't pay attention to her, instead she put her hand directly into Yudie's bra, while feeling the perfect touch from the snow-white jade peak to her hands, she fiddled with Yudie's growing flesh with her fingers.

     Yudie closed her eyes, pursed her lips, and said so, but Lingshan's technique made her feel very comfortable, after all, it wasn't the first time she came out like this. Lingshan always likes to tie her up and make her do all kinds of shameful things outside, Yudie always objected and struggled.

     However, only Yudie knew in her heart that if she really didn't like Lingshan doing what she did, then she wouldn't be able to come out in the first place, let alone give her a chance to tie herself up.

     Those so-called struggles and resistances are actually the proof that Yudie is shy but enjoys this feeling. She didn't want Lingshan to see through her obedient heart, and Lingshan was happy, even if she saw through, there was no need to point it out. After all, she prefers Yudie's half-push and half-acceptance. In this way, there is a sense of conquest.

     "Why, why are you twisting my hand!"

     Lingshan's hand moved from Yudie's chest to her wrist, twisting Yudie lightly, she just shook her arm, and was twisted backwards.

     The rope was put on the crossed wrists behind Yudie's back, tied tightly, and pulled to the back of the heart with a slight lift. Tight, then pull back again from under the chest. Finally, tie it tightly to the knot at the wrist, and the Japanese-style houtetsu is complete. Of course, the "V" shaped knot between [undescribable], Lingshan never fell. Only in this way can it perfectly support the size of Yudie's chest.

     "Stinky guy, you tied me up like this again." Yudie twisted her wrist, unable to break free, and then began to frown and mutter, "Don't bully me, don't you feel uncomfortable?"

     "Come on, stand up." Lingshan pulled Yudie out of the car, tied her around her waist twice, then pulled the rope down from Yudie's crotch, bypassed it, reined it tightly, and tied the rope It is very tightly bound.

     Yudie just kept twisting her hands, saying no, but she cooperatively opened her legs so that Lingshan could tie herself up. When the rope was tightened, Yudie's body softened slightly, which was comfortable and exciting. But she started to stare at Lingshan fiercely, with an aggrieved look on her face.

     "You tied my feet, how can I walk!" Yudie put her feet together, watching Lingshan skillfully bind her thighs, knees and calves. After tightening the rope in the shape of "8", Yudie had no chance to resist.

     However, taking the initiative to let herself lose her freedom and give Lingshan ample opportunities is actually an expectation that sprouted deep in Yudie's heart. After all, he couldn't take the initiative to let Lingshan, a nasty guy, tie him up like this or that.
    
     It's just that it's so exciting every time, and it's almost the same, which also makes Yudie feel full of freshness, and has different small expectations every time. Of course, the excitement in my heart also increased day by day.

     Kneading Yudie's irresistible breasts with both hands, Lingshan also began to get excited. She couldn't stop stretching her hand to Yudie's crotch. Of course, I just stroked it lightly, because now is not the time to eat this cute guy.

     "Let's go~" Lingshan just tied the rope tightly, and then pulled the length of the rope extended by Yudie's strands, and the sudden pull made Yudie clamp her legs subconsciously, but she could only follow Lingshan. Step by step, with my pitiful little steps, I started to walk forward bit by bit...

     This place is considered a holiday resort, not to mention the heavy traffic on the road, but there are always vehicles and pedestrians coming and going. Being pulled so viciously by Lingshan, Yudie, who usually turns heads very high, is now tied up with ropes, and her figure is even more sexy.

     "Smelly guy, someone is coming, let me hide, it's a shame!"

     "Hey~ You think beautiful!"

     Not only did Lingshan not let go of the rope she was pulling, but she went around behind Yudie, and suddenly pinched her breasts with both hands and rubbed them back and forth. The two girls passing by happened to see her, and they were too scared to say a word. He ran away with his mouth shut. Yudie was even more ashamed, and just wanted to beat Lingshan hard.

     "What are you doing! You scared me to death! Someone is coming, and you are still like this."

     After all, but the inexplicable excitement in Yudie's heart made her feel very strange. Obviously just now was her own big crisis, but she was looking forward to it. I even hoped that those two girls just stopped to see how good they are... No, no, no! How could she have such embarrassing thoughts? Lingshan is obviously going too far, and she is not that kind of person.

     "Okay, then let's hurry up and go to a place where no one is there."

     Lingshan pulled the rope under Yudie's crotch, and actually accelerated forward. The strand rope was tightened in an instant, and Yudie almost lost her footing and fell under the sudden stimulation. In addition, her knees were tightly tied together, and she could only slowly move small steps with her ankles, which made it very difficult for her to move forward.

     The people around didn't pay much attention to themselves. Although there were many cars and people, the place was too big after all. Almost all the girls were walking around in all kinds of swimsuits. No one would pay special attention to observe Yudie. But Yudie didn't dare to call out loudly...

     "Damn guy, remember! How dare you drag me around like this." Yudie dared not speak out, she could only think silently in her heart, but she was so excited that her heart was about to jump Come out like, "Everyone is looking at me, it's too embarrassing, but, it's so exciting, maybe if you are tied to a horse and crawled all the way here, more people will see it, and you will feel more ashamed, won't you?"

     Finally, pulled by Lingshan, Yudie also slowly moved to the beach, the feeling in her crotch has long been indescribable. I can't remember how many times Lingshan rubbed her breasts, touched her thighs and pulled the rope because she stopped halfway.

     Yudie finally sat down on the beach, looked at Lingshan tiredly, and Lingshan's complacent look made Yudie feel very unhappy in her heart, but her body felt very happy.

     "Let's have fun, sister." Lingshan picked up the rope and began to bind Yudie's ankles. Yudie also obediently stretched out her feet and let her be bound.

     "It's fun, you're so big, I was scared to death! Next time you dare to do this, I will really beat you when I go back." Yudie said angrily. But what he was planning in his mind was the feeling of being led away beside such a group of people with the four horses' hooves tied up.

     Lingshan specially chose a corner. Although there are many people here, they are not crowded, and everyone plays in their own way. So the revolving door didn't pay much attention to the two of them.

     Seeing that her ankles had been tied, Yudie lay down habitually, but was picked up by Lingshan with a princess hug.

     "Look, you're sweating. I'll take you to take a bath and wash your body." Lingshan is small, but she has great strength. She actually picked up Yudie like this and walked to the beach...

     The salty sea breeze, with a hint of fishy smell, blows on the cheeks of the two girls, comfortable and refreshing. Just feeling the feeling of the ends of the earth here is refreshing.

     Leaving Yudie sitting on the beach, the undulating tide washed her body over and over again. Of course, it's not deep here, it's just at the heel.

     "It's so comfortable!!" Lingshan sat behind Yudie, hugged her, and pinched her directly to her chest.

     "Aren't you going to bathe me? What do you want to do by pinching me?" Yudie leaned forward and twisted a little, resisting Lingshan's touch on her, "You want to take advantage of me again."

     "Of course I will wash you from the chest. You see, it's not slippery enough." Lingshan rubbed Yudie's plump breasts with both hands while playing with her, "I'll give you a good rub."

     "Damn, you're not slippery enough!" Yudie said angrily, and leaned against Lingshan, allowing her to clean herself, "Hurry up, there are many people here."

     "Yes~"

     Lingshan said, but it might be so easy to let Yudie go. After rubbing for a while, she slowly lowered her hands, stroking her abdomen, and continued to explore until her hands slowed down. Slowly stroked the strands under Yudie's crotch, then hooked them with fingers and pulled gently.

     Yudie closed her eyes, feeling the sea breeze, the sea, and Lingshan's various teases for her. Lingshan slowly put her hand into Yudie's bra, looking for the soft spot on her chest again.

     "Uh-huh……"

     Yudie's soft moan made Lingshan feel very happy, through the binding of the strands, Lingshan also put her hand into Yudie's underwear, the slippery [undescribable] slowly flowed with Lingshan's touch When she got down, Yudie's underwear was wet, and the strands under her crotch were also wet. Mixed with sea water, it looks even more delicious.

     Gradually, more and more people were playing around, and Yudie's flowing long hair was particularly dazzling in the crowd, but it also largely covered the binding on her upper body. So many people didn't notice the rope on her body.

     But more and more people walked by him, and Yudie's heart gradually rose to her throat. Ke Lingshan still looked heartless, sitting next to her non-stop, stroking her thigh in the name of cleanliness, Yudie was anxious and helpless. Keep telling Lingshan that there are many people...

     Looking at Yudie's peach-like rosy face, Lingshan couldn't help kissing her, but Yudie was shy and unbearable at the moment.

     "You are enough, there are so many people!" Yudie leaned on Lingshan, trembling with nervousness, but obediently buried her head in Lingshan's arms, said shy words, enjoying Lingshan The caress of the hands.

     "It's disgusting, you don't care about my feelings, and you still touch me, so what's comfortable, it's so embarrassing! Smelly guy!" Yudie thought to herself, but she pouted, closed her eyes, and didn't say a word.

     The touch of Lingshan's hands made Yudie very comfortable, but she also felt that she was completely exposed to the eyes of the public. The double stimulation brought by this kind of enjoyment and immoral excitement made Yudie almost unable to stop and unable to extricate herself.

     "Okay, put your feet down and let me lie down, I'm tired too!"

     As Lingshan said, she straightened Yudie's feet. The ups and downs of the sea did not affect Lingshan's body lying on Yudie's lap, with her head buried between her legs. Gently rubbed the tip of his nose against her thigh, then slowly slid down to her knee, and buried his head in it. Turning his head over again, he rested his head on her lap. It's just a lazy and coquettish look.

     Lingshan's hands were not idle either, she turned her head to the side, and slowly moved her head towards Yudie's thigh, hugging her delicate body, rubbing her face against the tender skin of Yudie's body. From this point of view, Yudie is also very beautiful.

     Not to mention the hanging long hair, which gave Lingshan a very feminine feeling. Touching Yudie's face, kneading Yudie's chest, Yudie moaned and panted softly, Lingshan couldn't help pulling Yudie's strands again.

     "It's getting cold, let's go up."

     After a long time, Lingshan, who had had enough of enjoying herself, finally stood up, and the sea water had receded. After enjoying it here for a long time, she should go up and find a place to rest, otherwise she would catch a cold easily if she soaked here all the time. However, Lingshan likes the way Yudie leans against her with a blushing face.

     The two sisters hugged each other and sat on the beach. Lingshan's hand, just like this, hugged Yudie from behind, reached into her bra and grabbed hold of it. Yudie continued to lean on her body, the two didn't say a word, they just looked at each other, looked at the sea together, and felt the sea breeze.
"It's great, this feeling. It would be great if it could last forever." Yudie thought silently in her heart, but she couldn't let Lingshan know about this kind of thinking, otherwise this guy would do something out of the ordinary Come.

      "This guy always makes me so frightened, but it's so exciting." Yudie looked at Lingshan looking forward, but there was a slight ripple in her heart, silently feeling her true inner thoughts, "Every time I see this guy bullying me, I get angry, but every time I hope that she will be beaten like this, and I even hope that she will be beaten a little more..."

     Lingshan also noticed that Yudie was looking at her, turned her head, kissed her lips, touched Yudie's cheek, and helped Yudie to stand up together.

     "Okay, let's jump back to the car like this." Lingshan took Yudie's strands and was about to go forward, but now Yudie was in a hurry. After being tied for so long, my hands and feet are actually a little numb, and I'm tired. If I have to jump back like this, I can bear it. It was a very warm feeling at first, but it made Yudie's teeth itch with anger.

     "No, no, no! At least walk slowly like when you came here just now. Ah~~~ Don't pull!!"

     Lingshan turned a deaf ear to Yudie's protest, and just pulled her along and walked slowly forward. Yudie had no choice but to keep herself from being dragged too painfully, she could only follow Lingshan's slow pace and jump forward little by little behind her.

     "You know how to bully me! Stinky guy, I really ignore you next time!" Yudie gritted her teeth and insisted on following Lingshan, jumping forward with difficulty. Die is very clear that next time even if she knows that Lingshan will pull her to jump around like this, she will come...

     The sky was getting dark, and the tourists who came to play basically all went back, and there were fewer and fewer people. Yudie danced very slowly, and Lingshan didn't pull her suddenly again, but as soon as Yudie stopped, she immediately ran to Her side squeezed her chest, so that she could only keep jumping forward.

     Finally, the short distance to the car was like a world away to Yudie. After getting into the car and sitting on the rear seat, Yudie finally let out a long sigh of relief.

     "Today you beat me to death!" Yudie curled her lips and looked at Lingshan aggrievedly, "You are going too far."

     "Really?" Lingshan's heartless smile made Yudie want to kick her twice, "I think you are enjoying it."

     With that said, Lingshan turned Yudie around, turned her back to her, and started to pick up the rope in her hand. It was tied all afternoon today, and Yudie also worked very hard. Give her a rest first, or it will be a bad night Toss her again.

     "I enjoy it? You bastard, I'm scared to death!" As soon as Yudie let go of her hands, she immediately turned around, facing Lingshan, and stretched out her feet to let her continue to untie her body, " You only cared about enjoying yourself, pinched me hard, and didn't care about my feelings at all, do you know that it's really embarrassing to be seen by others! It's scary!"

     As Yudie talked, she became excited, rubbed her wrist, turned her head away, and didn't want to pay attention to Lingshan anymore.

     Seeing that Yudie was a little angry, Lingshan quickly untied her feet and comforted her a few words, but she was still beaten back by Yudie. There is no way, I can only lower my head like a child and talk to myself.

     "Okay, I admit it, I'm just greedy for your body. I like to tie you up and touch you, and I'm very excited when I see you shy. But can you blame me? Who made you look so beautiful and so charming."

     "Okay, you finally said it, right? So you just wanted to bully me." Yudie grabbed Lingshan's hand and looked at her angrily, but Lingshan didn't dare to look at Yudie.

     "Tell me clearly!" Yudie unexpectedly pulled Lingshan's hand directly to her chest, and took the initiative to tear off her swimsuit, blushing and sticking Lingshan's hand to her On the chest, "Compared with... Liuli, who is more comfortable to touch? It feels better?"

     This is completely a proposition, how dare Lingshan answer, the two girls have their own advantages, but it is really hard to say if there is a winner, seeing Yudie holding her hand on her chest On the next day, Lingshan was both excited and anxious, how should she answer?

     correct! There is a way!
 
    "As long as you have a lot of questions, let me pinch it again before telling you."

    After all, Lingshan directly bypassed Yudie's question just now, rushed over again, twisted Yudie's hands, and tied the rope around her wrist again.

     "Don't be stupid! You just untied it just now, and you tied it again! Ah~~~~"

     This time, Lingshan was much gentler than before. Although the rope was tight, it didn't restrain herself like before. While binding Yudie, Lingshan gently stroked her breasts and thighs. The fingertips also slid gently on Yudie's skin, making Yudie itchy and comfortable.

     "Don't think that I won't be angry if you are gentle this time." Yudie pouted, twisting her body symbolically, losing her temper, "I'm still angry when you treated me like that just now !snort!"

     "Then get angry slowly ~ hee hee"

     Facing Yudie who was unable to resist again, Lingshan rushed over again, rubbing and rubbing against her body repeatedly. The smooth skin of the two girls had just been soaked in sea water, and now it was dry, but they were not rinsed directly. There were some fine grains of sand rubbing against each other like this, which felt itchy but comfortable.

     "Yeah, I don't care, you have to make me feel better, you made me so shy today." Yudie blushed, leaning into Lingshan's arms, and said softly.

     "Then, tell me, do you like being tied up like this by me? Huh?" Lingshan stroked Yudie's head while stroking her thigh.

     "I won't tell! Why should I tell you!" Yudie closed her eyes, buried her head in Lingshan's chest, rubbed and shook embarrassingly, "Besides, I like it or not, you still have to tie it up I?"

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

     "That's not good, I have to say. I don't want to force you~" Lingshan said, the rope that touched Yudie's thigh began to feel between her legs, "If you don't like it, then I just don't tie it up."

     "You...!!!" Yudie sat up, pursed her mouth, shook her head vigorously, twisted her body to prevent Lingshan from holding her, it seemed that she was really angry, "You deliberately angered me!"

     "Then~ I like it?" Lingshan approached Yudie, hugged her from behind, ignored her struggle, pinched her breasts with both hands, and stretched her hands into her bra.

     "Don't ask if it's okay! Anyway... the feeling of being tied up by you is almost the same as being hugged by you! Is it okay?"

     "Just say you like it~haha." As she spoke, Lingshan stepped up her hand a little bit, causing Yudie to moan happily...

     "Smelly guy! You actually want to bully me." Yudie simply leaned on Lingshan, letting her knead herself, whether it was rubbing her breasts, touching her thighs, or gently stroking her crotch, She didn't struggle anymore, just smiled and enjoyed.

     Until she felt that the waist was tied twice with a rope, and then the strands of rope that made her feel ashamed and comfortable were pulled from Yudie's crotch again...

     "Oh!! What are you doing?" Yudie suddenly opened her eyes, clamped her legs tightly, bit her lips and turned to stare at Lingshan, "Why are you tied so tightly this time? It will hurt!"

     "Where does it hurt? I'll rub it for you!" Lingshan stretched out her hand with a smile on her face. Seeing Yudie's angry and coquettish appearance, Lingshan liked it very much, "Don't worry, I'm a professional massager~haha."

     "I know you have no good intentions!" Yudie clamped Lingshan's hand with her thighs, puffed up her cheeks, and kissed Lingshan back on her own initiative, "This is your reward for giving me a massage~ Don't mess with me It hurts."

     "Haha, no problem, but I don't want your reward, I will give it back to you."

     Lingshan embraced Yudie and kissed again, the two girls looked at each other, their heartbeats accelerated, and their long hair couldn't hide Yudie's blushing. Yudie already felt that her body was getting a little hot. Every time she was irritated by this stinky guy like Lingshan, she wanted to beat her up, but she wanted to be hugged even more. Especially when being bullied by her, it always feels weird, but I just like it like this.

     "Why do I have to treat this guy who likes to take advantage of others...Hey, every time she treats me like this, I obviously feel very ashamed. Why do I always follow her? It's so strange. This guy said he would tie her up Me, I can't resist this request! Really! It makes people feel weird... But it's so comfortable, like this..."

     With her eyes closed, Yudie and Lingshan cuddled up to each other, and the slightly tighter strands under her crotch made Yudie feel so irritating. The two sisters rubbed against each other, bickering jokingly, and the atmosphere was very warm.

     Lingshan caressed Yudie's white, tender and smooth thighs, every inch of skin was so breakable, smooth and soft. Lingshan enjoys every touch of fingertips and skin. It also made Yudie very shy.

     Lingshan touched between her legs, then used her fingers to gently hook the strands under Yudie's crotch, and pulled gently, Yudie groaned slightly and her body trembled slightly with the strength of Lingshan's fingers. With her head down and her face like a peach blossom, Yudie is very cute.

     The knots of the strands gently stimulated Yudie's feeling, making her purse her lips and resist moaning, because she was really ashamed, liked, and comfortable.
    
     Lingshan's hand slowly slipped away from the strands, stroking Yudie's abdomen, slowly stroking upwards, little by little. Until her hand touched Yudie's chest again.

     "Hey~"

     Lingshan squeezed a little harder on purpose, and Yudie wouldn't feel pain through the bra. But Yudie pouted her cheeks, opened her eyes and stared at her. But being hugged by her, both hands touched Yudie's buttocks again.

     "It's uncomfortable." Yudie twisted her body and let Lingshan sit upright on the seat, "I... lie on your lap, okay..."

     "!!" Lingshan heard Yudie's words, her heart was about to jump out, why was Yudie so active today. How dare you even pose yourself to caress yourself? Could it be that she won the grand prize in the Universiade today?

     "Why are you looking at me like this? Didn't you say you want to give me a massage? Of course, you have to find a comfortable position." Yudie was very uncomfortable being looked at by Lingshan, and she didn't know why she took the initiative today, anyway... Anyway, it’s just what I want to say, “Forget it if you don’t want to. Hmph!”

     "Think! Think! Come here quickly." As soon as Lingshan heard this, she immediately grabbed Yudie's arm and pulled it towards herself.

     "Ah! Take it easy! Smelly guy." Yudie was suddenly pulled onto Lingshan's thigh, and her plump and charming breasts were pressed against Lingshan's thigh. It felt very, very soft, very elastic, Lingshan was so excited that she kept stroking Yudie's head. This feeling of happiness from the heart made Lingshan very fulfilled.

     Lingshan stopped talking, looking at Yudie's slender waist and this beautiful buttocks, how could she bear it. The hand stroked it directly, and the palm was lightly squeezed a few times, and it was elastic and tender.

     "It's so comfortable! Touch it like this." There was already some greed in Lingshan's eyes, she even wanted to put her face on Yudie's lovely pad, to feel whether it was as elastic as Yudie's chest.

     "Don't talk, can you be dumb?" Yudie hooked her pink and pink feet so hard that they almost touched Lingshan's face.

     "Yes~ let's not talk about it. Haha."

     Seeing that Yudie is so cute, Lingshan couldn't help but increase her strength, and rubbed both sides of Yudie's buttocks with both hands. To be honest, this should be the first time Yudie let herself touch her buttocks so actively, and This angle, this posture, is really convenient. It can feast your eyes and be comfortable to touch. The hands behind Yudie's back twisted from time to time.

     Lingshan gently took Yudie's strands with her hand, and tried to pull it back this time, Yudie's body trembled as if she had been electrocuted, and then slowly regained her composure. Let Lingshan caress her gently again.

     "Okay, get up, let's go to the breasts for massage." Lingshan patted Yudie's buttocks lightly, watching the bouncy buttocks sway twice, feeling satisfied spontaneously.

    "I bother!"

     With Lingshan's support, Yudie sat on the seat, Lingshan spread her legs, sat on Yudie's lap, and stretched her hands towards Yudie's chest.

     "Actually... your strength can be a little stronger." Yudie closed her eyes and tilted her head. Her long hair blocked half of her face, but it didn't block her shyness.

     "Are you teaching me how to feel comfortable?" Lingshan deliberately used such words that made Yudie shy to stimulate her. Yudie knew that she did it on purpose, pretended to be angry, and pushed her knee hard.

     "Come down for me! Stinky bastard, I say this every time, so I won't touch you."

     "No, I'm going to touch it, and I have to use a little more force as you said." Lingshan put her hand into Yudie's bra, and carefully increased the strength a little while kneading gently, " Is this appropriate?"

     "Well, it's much better... Pooh, why should I tell you... ah... um..."

     Seeing Yudie getting better and better, Lingshan is getting more and more energetic, this is a very rare initiative of Yudie. Usually, she enjoys it passively, but this time, she actually taught herself what kind of strength to use and put herself in a convenient position. The more Lingshan thought about it, the more comfortable she felt. Sweet, just like eating honey.

     Lingshan became more and more agitated, and finally couldn't bear it anymore. Regardless of Yudie's objection, she directly opened the car door. This action made Yudie almost yell out in shock, so people will see it, such a shameful look, don't don't don't! ! The stinky guy is at it again. Do you know that this will make people feel very ashamed.

     Jumping back to Yudie, Lingshan went around behind Yudie, letting Yudie face the open car door. He continued to put his hand into Yudie's bra to caress her, and put his hand into Yudie's panties to comfort her gently.

     This time Yudie is struggling, although it is obviously more exciting than before, but what if... what if it is really seen. Hurry up and stop it, you stinky bastard! It's too much, always disregarding people's feelings like this, and making people... so comfortable...

     "Let's go watch the sunset." Lingshan stroked for a while, and finally stopped in satisfaction. Then, she picked up the rope and began to tie Yudie's thighs, knees, calves, and ankles.

     "Tie out again?" Yudie didn't resist at all, letting Lingshan tie her feet up smoothly, "How many people are there on the road?"

     "There are so many people!"

     Lingshan leads
Holding the rope under Yudie's crotch, she got out of the car, and her simple answer made Yudie's heart beat faster. But Yudie, who finally got out of the car, found that there were not so many people, and they were all standing at a distance, and the sky was gradually getting dark, but she was still a little scared. It's not good to be seen by others.

     Lingshan supported Yudie, closed the car door, and held the rope in front. Yudie followed Lingshan with difficulty, her feet hopping lightly. Under the setting sun, Lingshan gradually slowed down her pace, standing shoulder to shoulder with Yudie, supporting her while rubbing her breasts. Jump to a place not far ahead that is convenient for viewing the sea.

     Yudie's body became more and more excited, but she also felt more and more shy, and even felt that many people were looking at her. This helpless and stimulating feeling, as long as Lingshan is by her side, is a kind of happiness.

     Slowly dancing on the side of the road, watching the sunset, the two sisters came to this small stand not far from the car. The sea and sky are the same color, and the red sunset coats the wide beach with a layer of beautiful gold.

     The two sisters were very moved by the beautiful scenery in front of them. Lingshan rubbed Yudie's chest, touched her thigh, and stuck to Yudie tenderly.

     "It's so beautiful, the scenery here. The beautiful scenery matches the beauties, it's refreshing." Lingshan rarely expressed such emotion.

     "Really?" Yudie leaned on Lingshan, enjoying the stimulation and comfort that Lingshan brought her, and jokingly bickering with Lingshan, "Why do I think you are just lustful? Haha."

     "Huh! I won't touch you anymore." Lingshan gently straightened Yudie upright, left her hands with her body, and stood beside her, "You actually said that about me."

     "Huh?" Yudie saw that Lingshan was a little angry, and she stopped suddenly when she was comfortable just now. Instead, she felt a little lost and empty in her heart. All of a sudden I was at a loss.

     "I lied to you." Seeing Yudie's dazed look, Lingshan smiled, turned her face, hugged her, kissed her lips, and then gently pulled Yudie's strands with her hands, slowly Pulling and rubbing up and down. Then, slowly helped Yudie turn around, supported her with one hand, and pulled the rope with the other hand, and jumped back into the car.

     Yudie obviously felt that she was very excited, this stinky guy really made herself very comfortable this time. Although I don't care about my feelings every time, I really like being treated like this...

     The journey back to the car is not far away, but the excitement is obviously stronger than before. The two girls no longer needed to communicate. These ropes not only bound Yudie's body, but also tied the hearts of the two girls tightly together.

     Just get in the car and close the door. Lingshan increased her strength in pulling and rubbing Yudie's strands. The sudden strong stimulation made Yudie couldn't help moaning, and there was some panting in her throat.

     Seeing Yudie's eyes gradually becoming a little blurred, Lingshan knew that Yudie was already very sensitive now, she didn't stop, but kept increasing her stimulation to Yudie. Sometimes slow down, sometimes forcefully, Yudie has been biting her lip and persisted. Finally, under Lingshan's continuous touching and kissing, as well as repeated pulling on the strands, Yudie let out another moan of happiness...

     The night gradually deepened, and the two sisters were already tired from playing. Lingshan was clearly asleep, but she was still lying on her side on Yudie's body, her hands were stroking Yudie's breasts naturally, and she was even used to putting her hands into her bra. stretch.

     Yudie looked helpless, and could only adjust her posture to match Lingshan's movements, and Lingshan suddenly hugged Yudie in her arms, and began to caress her buttocks with both hands.

     It made Yudie's face turn red and then turn pale. Does Lingshan move her hands and head separately? People are almost snoring in sleep, unexpectedly their hands can stimulate themselves so accurately, but isn't it better like this? At least I won't feel shy anymore, anyway, I can't sleep because of her like this, so let's enjoy it.

     The strength of Lingshan's hands is exactly the same as when I taught her before. It seems that Lingshan has firmly remembered her words in her heart.

     "Yeah~ so comfortable~"

     Lingshan was rubbing and rubbing, and she actually started talking, which made Yudie jump. Although Lingshan's ambiguous words could be heard clearly, they were a bit vague. At first, she thought Lingshan was pretending to be asleep on purpose, but now Yudie was basically sure that Lingshan was talking in her sleep.

     This guy is not honest in his dreams, I really don't know what happy things she is dreaming about. Yudie didn't move, for fear of disturbing this guy, she woke up.
     "Sister Liuli's breasts are so comfortable to the touch~~~ Mmm, I also want~I want my butt~"

     "Stinky guy!!" Yudie could hear these words clearly, if it wasn't for the fact that her hands and feet were still tied, she really wanted to give her a hug, "Holding me, rubbing my chest, how dare you say that Liuli's chest is touched Get up and feel comfortable!"

     "I'm so pissed!" Yudie was so angry that she was so unhappy that she even wanted to struggle out of this guy's arms, wake her up, ask her what she meant, hugged herself, and said Others are good. Although Liuli is the younger sister, we often play together, but this is different.

     "But Sister Yudie's breasts feel better to the touch~ they feel even better~" Lingshan rubbed her hands as she spoke, her long hair made Yudie tickle, "I love my sister~ Mmm~"

     Lingshan pinched Yudie very comfortably, and the sleep talk directly spoke to Yudie's heart, which was both angry and funny. But Yudie felt sweet in her heart and very happy.

     Just as Yudie wanted to move her body, she felt that Lingshan's hand had been hooked to the strands and she was pulling gently. Lingshan kept stroking Yudie's body with her other hand.

     Under Lingshan's comfort and stimulation, Yudie became more and more energetic, unable to fall asleep at all, and simply gave up resistance. With her eyes closed, she enjoyed Lingshan's various touches on her.

     Looking back on the experience of this day, it was really exciting, comfortable, and happy. Thinking about every time we were together before, especially when Liuli was there, the various feelings and different ways of playing, actually made me look forward to it.

     Maybe Lucy thought so too. Of course, Yudie sometimes likes to come out to play alone, after all, when alone, the excitement is doubled.

     Looking at the lovely face of Lingshan sleeping soundly beside her, Yudie couldn't help but kiss her lightly on the forehead. This naughty guy is so dishonest even in sleep, I really don't know what she is thinking about all day long What lewd things.

     However, it's because she likes to come up with new tricks when she has nothing to do, so it's more interesting, isn't it? Quietly enjoying the comfortable stimulation that Lingshan brought her, Yudie also adjusted her body to a comfortable sleeping position.

     "I really don't know what new tricks she will come up with next time. Maybe she will bully me even worse. That's okay, hehe."

     The moon outside was already hanging high in the sky, Yudie felt a little tired, and relaxed her mood today. It feels really good. Although she still felt very excited, she gradually calmed down her heart. With great anticipation, under Lingshan's constant touch, Yudie also closed her eyes, tilted her head, and stuck to Lingshan. together.