//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

     "It's so tight... Elder sister." Liuli twisted her body, her hands tied tightly in a Japanese style. There is little room to move.

     Liuli's [undescribable] was deeply sucked into the strands under her crotch, and she stood shyly in front of Lingshan, Liuli's charming appearance made Lingshan love her so much. Especially the sailor suit that Liuli wore, with Liuli's perfect hair and cute face set off, and after being tied up with ropes in this way, Lingshan almost couldn't put it down.

     "It's so cute." Lingshan hugged Liuli into her arms, gently stroking this girl whom she regarded as a treasure, "Tonight, do you want me to reward you with something?"

     "Don't!" Liuli stuck out her tongue at Lingshan mischievously, deliberately showing disdain, "You always know how to bully me! Ignore you!"

     Lingshan likes to see Liuli acting coquettish and angry the most. She unconsciously hugs Liuli into her arms, hugs her tightly, and rubs her face against this cute guy.

     "~~~"

     The lovely melody sounded, and Liuli's phone rang, before she had time to see who it was, Lingshan immediately took it over, pressed the answer button, then put the phone close to Liuli's ear, and turned on the speakerphone.

     "Liuli, my sister will be back tomorrow~ Have you been obedient at home?"

     On the other end of the phone, Yudie's sweet and gentle voice came, but Liuli was at a loss for words, because she didn't want Lingshan to know some little secrets with Yudie, but Yudie on the other end of the phone didn't know that she Now that Lingshan is tied in her arms, and the hands-free is still on, if her sister says something wrong, it will be a disaster for her.

     "Yeah, I have something to do, sister." Liuli didn't dare to look at Lingshan, she could only avoid Lingshan's gaze, bit her lips slightly, put away her mischievous look, and hoped that Yudie would hang up the phone as soon as possible.

     "It's weird, did you do something wrong?" Yudie became even more curious when she heard Liuli's abnormal answer, "I see, it must be you..., um, forget it, anyway, I'll be back tomorrow, You wash it up and wait~"

     "Hey, no, sister, I don't..." Before I finished speaking, Yudie had already hung up, and it seemed that the good sister next door would come back tomorrow, "Really, I just hung up before I finished talking." gone."

     "I said, are you hiding something from me?"

     Lingshan turned off the phone, put it aside, gently stroked Liuli's cheek, and kissed her smiling face. This naughty little sister can give Lingshan a reason to punish her every time. It's so cute.

     "No, what can my sister and I hide from you?" Liuli looked at Lingshan with a puzzled expression, she didn't know, no matter whether she said it or not, Lingshan would not let her go easily. Because what Lingshan wanted was an excuse to "torture" her.

     "It seems that your mouth is stiff." Lingshan pinched her hand directly to Liuli's chest. Although this little girl didn't have that choppy feeling, Liuli's chest was very well developed. Tall and straight, feels round and extremely elastic.

     "Ah... Sister Lingshan, you're here again." Liuli wanted to step back to avoid Lingshan's pinching, but Lingshan didn't let go of her arms around Liuli, seeing that Liuli's hands were tied and she swayed from side to side The way she struggled, Lingshan's heart melted.

     "If you don't stop, I'll ignore you!" Liuli bit her lower lip, frowned slightly, lowered her head in embarrassment, and endured Lingshan's hand wandering on her body.

     "Say it quickly, or I'll be executed!" Lingshan couldn't help but started to move her hands, "I'll give you one second at the end! Time's up~"

     Lingshan's arm around Liuli has already reached Liuli's buttocks, just pinching. This elastic butt made Lingshan want to stop.

     From the round buttocks to Liuli's thighs, he stroked back and forth repeatedly, feeling every inch of Liuli's skin with his hands.

     And the hand rubbing Liuli's chest was not idle, and slowly stretched his hand in from the collar, his fingers slowly inserted into Liuli's underwear, and then slowly went down, deeper and deeper.

     Finally, Liuli's lovely chest was once again held by Lingshan without hindrance. What Liuli is most afraid of is being touched by Lingshan like this, because her little red spots are very sensitive, and the hateful Lingshan always touches and pinches herself...

     "Ah~ ah~ no~"

     A soft moan came from Liuli's mouth, which was what Lingshan wanted to hear the most. Because this means that Liuli actually enjoys this feeling very much.

     "The mouth is so hard, um, not bad." After Lingshan rubbed it to her heart's content, beads of sweat were already oozing from Liuli's forehead, "It seems that you won't say anything if you won't be punished today."

     "Sister... What exactly do you want me to say?" Liuli's expression was slightly blurred, Lingshan had already stopped, which made her breathe a sigh of relief, but she knew that it was not over yet.

     "Ask the question knowingly, lie down for me."

     Saying that, Lingshan helped Liuli to the side of the bed, gently put her down, pushed her to the middle of the bed, put Liuli's slender feet together, and bound her calves and ankles with ropes.

     In the middle of the rope circle, I did not forget to tie it with a "8" shaped knot to ensure that she could not break free by herself. Then, stroking Liuli's lovely feet, she slightly arched her back.

     Liuli's heels were pressed against her buttocks, and Lingshan connected Liuli's ankles to her wrists with a short rope. The hooves of the four horses are tightly bound.

     Before Liuli could react, Lingshan turned her over and faced her. Through the underwear, one hand touched Liuli's chest, and the other hand reached into Liuli's skirt, through the underwear and the strands, gently stroking Liuli's secret garden.

     Then, put your hands between Liuli's legs, and it's really comfortable to be held between the two thighs like this. Especially such smooth thighs.

     Lingshan slowly moved her hand down her thigh, Liuli bit her lip and insisted, trying not to cry out. Great, this lovely sister.

     Really couldn't bear it anymore, Lingshan turned Liuli on the bed again, pinching her buttocks with both hands, kneading and pinching, Liuli still twisted her body from time to time in protest.

     "Okay, okay, it looks like you're not going to say anything!" Lingshan lay down next to Liuli, turned Liuli's back to her, and leaned against her arms. Hugging her from behind Liuli, pinching her chest with one hand and stroking Liuli's thigh with the other.

     "Go to sleep, just sleep like this. When you get up tomorrow, I will forgive you..."

     "Don't bring such a bully..."

………………
…………
...

     The next day, early in the morning, Liuli, who was sore and limp, was finally released by Lingshan. Fortunately, she was not tied too tightly. But her limbs were still numb, and Lingshan used an excuse to soothe herself, only to be groped from head to toe again.

     But it's time for Yudie to come back. It's better to let Liuli rest well. Well, what happened in the afternoon is even more exciting. Ha ha.

     After confirming the location and time with Liuli, Yudie left Liuli's house, went back to repair, and made some preparations along the way. After all, we are going out to stay for one night.

     Ready to bring things, Yudie came to this uninhabited suburb in the afternoon as scheduled. It's sunny and sunny, what a fine day. The air in the suburbs is also very fresh and pleasant. The sound of dripping water makes Yudie feel relaxed. This feeling of being away from the city is actually so beautiful.

     In such a good place, it is also very good to be able to do what you want in your heart. I just don't know, when will they come? Will you give yourself a big surprise when you dress up?

     The car came slowly. Stopped in front of Yudie, where everyone has already stepped on it. As soon as the door opened, Liuli, who was wearing a cute princess hair, was only wearing a transparent sailor suit, so attractive.

     Liuli lowered her head, her hands pulled the corners of her clothes embarrassingly, she hardly dared to look up at Yudie. This suit, apart from making Liuli's figure more attractive, could not block anything.

     "What's so interesting... Really..." It took Liuli a long time to squeeze out these words, which was nothing like her usual mischievous character, "Are you ashamed or not?"

     "My sister is so cute, um. Is there another one?" Lingshan walked to Liuli and hugged her tightly, not forgetting to pinch her lovely breasts with her hands.

     "You have too many hands!" Liuli patted Lingshan's hand lightly, pretending to be angry, and pouted, "When you see Sister Yudie's appearance, why don't you just rush over?"

     "I think it's fine if you're like this, I don't care about her..." Lingshan hugged Liuli and rubbed her hands vigorously, while raising her head and looking towards the driver's cab...

     "puff……"

     Isn't Yudie's dress too alluring? She had already taken off her coat, and put on a white bikini and a big straw hat. Her long black hair flowed behind her back, and her big eyes looked at Lingshan with dewy eyes. She had a face that was as beautiful as a country with a smile , and paired with this bikini as short as it needs to be...

     The face of an angel and the figure of a devil are all in one. Especially the moment she stood up and supported her hair with the straw hat in her hand, even Liuli and Lingshan, who were girls, were all impressed by her by the way.

     The pair of jade peaks that can be swayed are pure white and elastic, with a perfect shape, a slender waist, and almost no trace of fat on the lower abdomen. Words like pure, pure, and flawless were created just for girls like Yudie.

     "You... why are you looking at me like this?" Walking in front of the two girls, Yudie put her hands behind her back, tilted her head and smiled slightly, "Could it be that you want to eat me here?"

     "It's a pity that such a cute girl is not tied up. Maybe she has to run away." Lingshan rushed over, hugged Yudie, feeling her scent, "The rope is tied up. Is it?"

     "No~bring~~" Yudie patted Lingshan on the back lightly, and pushed her aside, "Why, you still want us to come to your door and catch you without a fight? You have a pretty good idea."

     "That's right!" Liu Li put her hands on her shoulders, raised her head, and echoed, "Do you still want us to go to the trunk, take out those things, and ask you to do it?"

     "Let me just say, you two smart ghosts." After finishing speaking, Lingshan ran to open the trunk, and those dazzling things were thrown into a clean plastic box without any cover. Seeing Lingshan's heart itching, she immediately took it out and ran to the two girls.

     "What are you doing? This is the side of the road?" Yudie retracted her hand and stared at Lingshan, "I am dressed like this, and you are tying me up by the side of the road? What if someone sees you?"

     "You look at the wilderness, just your wheel marks, who else can come? Hurry up, or you will be tied up and thrown here waiting for someone to rescue you." Lingshan couldn't wait to pick up the rope, and went around Behind Yudie, "Hurry up and put your hands back."

     "Look at your urgency..." Yudie smiled and crossed her hands on her back, raised her chest and raised her head, clenched her hands into fists, waiting for Lingshan's rope to be put on her hands...

     The Japanese-style hand tie is what Lingshan is best at, and it is also her favorite to watch. Especially when the rope was tied around a girl like Yudie, Lingshan felt a strong sense of satisfaction in her heart.

     Yudie's slender figure, tall and straight [undescribable], was tied up with ropes, making it even more charming. The strand rope is also a binding method that Lingshan will not miss, but this time, she went too far, and actually tied the rope behind the buttocks of the strand rope, instead of directly tying it to the loop on the back waist, but bypassed the loop and pulled it behind her , tied tightly to a stone.

     Although this stone is not very big and can be pulled, it can definitely straighten the rope. If Yudie doesn't use much force, this stone may not be able to move. However, this thing is directly tied to... the strands. If you use force, your crotch will also have to bear a lot of pulling. It's really lucky that she can think of such a damaging method of binding.

     "I said you are going too far?" Yudie looked at Lingshan angrily, and tried to pull the stone tied with the rope with the rope under her crotch. Injured or damaged?"
 
     "Don't worry, I tried it, it won't break." Yudie turned her head and walked towards Liuli with the rope, "It's your turn, cutie."

     "Uh, I don't want to tie stones, can I?" Liuli said, but obediently put her hands on her back, "It looks like it hurts."

     "Well~~ Then it depends on how you behave."

     The same Japanese-style hand tie was also tied to Liuli's body. This transparent sailor suit made Liuli's figure look much more mature under the rope binding. As soon as the knot was tied tightly, Lingshan couldn't help hugging Liuli from behind, and kneaded her chest with both hands. Even though the clothes and underwear were separated, she could still feel the softness of Liuli.

     Liuli blushed and endured Lingshan's kneading, but she didn't get her mercy.

     "No, it's unqualified, I still have to tie a stone." After finishing speaking, Lingshan wrapped the rope around Liuli's waist. Before Liuli could protest, the rope was already tightened, and the stone behind her was already ready. Just waiting for Lingshan to tie the rope up.

     "You've been rubbing me for so long, why aren't you qualified?" Liuli stomped her feet anxiously, but she could only watch Lingshan tie the rope firmly to the stone, "You're cheating! You're cheating! "

     "Small mouths are not forgiving, they should be plugged." Lingshan took a handkerchief and stuffed it into Liuli's mouth like this. It didn't leak at all, and stuffed it in completely, stuffing Liuli's face into a round shape. Tape it so she can't spit it out. "See what you say~"

     Now, poor Liuli could only watch, watching Lingshan tie her thighs slowly with a rope, it was so tight that the rope could not be loosened no matter what she did. 's walking. In this way, it is too much to drag the stone with a strand rope!

     Liuli could only ask Yudie for help with her eyes, but Yudie just smiled and told her: "Don't worry, I won't be much better later."

     Sure enough, Lingshan went too far this time, not only tied up Yudie's thighs, but also blindfolded her. This is still a long way to go. If this is done, doesn't Yudie leave without sending it away?

     "I said what are you going to do?" Yudie didn't resist too much, just let Lingshan play with her body, "Do you really want to leave my four horses here?"

     "Don't worry, of course I'll take you along. Watch your steps." Lingshan led Liuli and Yudie to her side, pulled the extension rope in front of their strands with her hand, and walked along the path she had found in advance. past.

     "!!!" A strong pulling force was suddenly received from the front and back, Liuli's whole body tightened,

Her legs were clamped tightly, and she almost didn't fall, but she couldn't make a sound, and she couldn't resist anymore, so she could only be dragged away by Lingshan aggrieved.

     "You're sick!" Yudie bent down, the stone behind her had already given her a great stimulus, and now there was a nasty Lingshan in front of her, making it difficult to move, especially the sudden stimulus, which made Yudie feel at a loss as to what to do. "Don't be so fast..."

     "Anyone who doesn't follow will get four horses on the spot."

     After speaking, Lingshan did not hesitate at all, and continued to lead the two girls forward. But Liuli and Yudie, who could only take small steps, were really stimulated this time, feeling... the feeling was the same as that, in short, it was both uncomfortable and comfortable. Of course, the two girls didn't want to be left behind in this place.

     "Not bad, I can keep up."

     Seeing the stone behind the two girls drag out a long mark on the ground, Lingshan smiled with satisfaction, then walked to Yudie's side, suddenly reached out her hands to Yudie's chest, and grabbed the pair of shaking hands. The snow-white Yufeng who was dangling back and forth stretched her hands dishonestly into her underwear.

     "No...don't..." Suddenly, Yudie was so startled that she retreated slightly, her body was unsteady, and she almost fell to the ground, but it was Lingshan who had sharp eyes and quickly hugged her, and embraced her in her arms.

     Yudie twisted her waist and bent her body, trying to break away from Lingshan's restraint and bullying, but this was useless except that it made Lingshan more excited, and her hands had already swam away from her whole body.

     Seeing that Yudie was panting, shaking her head, and blushing, Lingshan stopped, and then met Liuli's eyes, Liuli shook her head, but she could only watch Lingshan walk in front of her, and then circle around After reaching behind her, she hugged herself again from behind, stretched her hands into her clothes, and then into her underwear, pinching and rubbing the little red spots of Liuli until the tender little red spots changed from soft to hard.

     "Hmm...um..." Liuli closed her eyes and struggled desperately, but the honesty of her body had already been reflected in her body. The blushing Liuli's feet were already a little weak, and her groans became more and more gentle...

     The skirt was also lifted up, Lingshan rubbed her chest with one hand, and touched the bottom of Liuli's skirt with the other, touching her thighs, all the way down, until Liuli leaned against her slightly limp.

     "Okay, let's go on."

     Lingshan pulled the two girls' strands again, and walked towards the destination. In fact, the destination was not too far away, but for the two girls who were tied like this, they were still pulled by the stone and Lingshan. Coupled with the kneading and caressing just now, Liuli and Yudie have already felt very much. This kind of excited and delicate feeling is really unstoppable...

     After tossing for a while, Lingshan led the exhausted Liuli and Yudie to a flat ground. This place is relatively open, with a gurgling brook next to it, making it very comfortable. The big and small bags can finally land.

     After untying Liuli's mouth and Yudie's eyes, Lingshan looked at them with a smile. Seeing that this guy got cheap and acted like a good boy. Liuli and Yudie were a little annoyed and didn't want to stay together, but their hands and feet were bound, so they could only ignore her.

     "Don't untie it for us yet?" Yudie turned around, turned her back to Lingshan, twisted her wrist, "I'm going to play in the water."

     "Yeah, I'm going too, I'm almost exhausted, and it still hurts!" Liu Lihe turned around together, "Quickly, quickly."

     "I don't understand~ just go and play like this, I still need to ride [undescribable] alone."

     After all, Lingshan waved her hand and ignored the two sisters, causing Liuli and Yudie to stare, but they were already exhausted and wanted to play in the water. , forget it, so be it.

     Yudie gently kicked the shoes aside and walked towards the creek with small steps. Liuli immediately took off her shoes and followed.

     There are many pebbles by the stream, although small, they are round and comfortable to step on with bare feet. It is the stone dragged by the rope under the crotch, which is too difficult to drag on this pile of pebbles. Fortunately, the distance is not far, and the stone does not need to be put into the water.

     Liuli's toes touched the water like a dragonfly, and a coolness spread from her toes to her body. As Liuli's little feet walked slowly into the clear stream, the fatigue just now disappeared instantly.

    Yudie also came into the water together, feeling so comfortable and at ease. Although the body is tied, the feeling of being released is really good.

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

     Two pairs of little feet were playing in the water to their heart's content, and the two girls were still leaning close together, rubbing each other's bodies against each other. Under the support of the sun, it was a beautiful landscape painting.

     "It's fun for you guys, I'm here alone to make [undescribable]..." Lingshan pouted, complaining to herself, while swiftly installing every connecting rod of [undescribable], "I'll need more later You enjoy cooking."

     After a long time, [Undescribable] was finally done, Lingshan lightly hammered her waist, stood up, stretched her waist, and relieved herself a bit. Seeing Liuli and Yudie already had a great time.

     Hurry up to set up the food, surround the stove, and start cooking. Lingshan is finally free to serve the two girls.

     "You can't wash your body if you are tied up, I'll wash you~" Lingshan ran over with the shower gel.

     "No, you go away, such clear water, don't use shower gel." Seeing Lingshan running over, Liuli knew that she was uneasy and kind, but she couldn't retreat, so she could only wait here.

     "I don't want to wash it for you, right, Yudie." As she spoke, Lingshan picked up a handful of stream water and splashed it lightly on Yudie. Yudie twisted her body and shook her head with a smile.

     Seeing Lingshan ignoring her directly, Liuli stared blankly instead. However, Lingshan doesn't care about these things.

     The hands can't be disciplined at all. Lingshan slowly supported Yudie to let her sit in the creek. The water here just reached her waist when she was sitting. This time, she felt more comfortable. Yudie, who had long wanted to immerse her body in the water, leaned against Lingshan and let her wash every inch of her skin.

     Of course, this cannot be called washing, it is called kneading, and it is also called touching. Lingshan savored Yudie's tender skin carefully, her hands were always moving around her breasts, sometimes kneading her breasts, sometimes pulling the strands.

     Yudie's back was also as white as jade, Lingshan poured clear water on her back, Yudie was clever, her body trembled, and then leaned against Lingshan again, the two of them had a great time.

     Finally Liuli couldn't bear it any longer, dragging the stone behind the rope, she walked over slowly and stood beside Yudie's two sisters. Pouting his mouth, he looked at them with aggrieved expression.

     "You really don't want me anymore, leave me alone! I don't obey!"

     After finishing speaking, Liuli turned around and sat down directly. Because her body was bound by the rope, she had no balance at all and almost fell down. Fortunately, Lingshan had sharp eyesight and quick hands, and immediately hugged her into her arms.

     "You guy, aren't you afraid of falling?" Lingshan gently blew into Liuli's ear, put her arms around Liuli, and then slowly put her hand into her clothes.

     "Aren't you going to protect me?"

     Liuli also leaned lazily on Lingshan's body, and the three girls sat comfortably in the stream, feeling the baptism of this clear stream, and feeling Lingshan's hands looking for feelings on their bodies.

     The two girls were touched by Lingshan almost all over their bodies, and at this time, the freshly cooked food also gave off a delicious smell.

     "Okay, you can eat~!" Smelling the smell, the three girls turned their heads together, happily looking at the big pot of fragrant food that was almost pouring out.

     Liuli and Yudie were finally released. After the rope was untied, reddish rope marks appeared on both girls' bodies. All the ropes were tidied aside, and the bowls and chopsticks were taken out. The three girls found some stones and sat around the stove.

     The sun was also gradually setting, and the three girls were in a great mood after enjoying dinner in such a relaxing place.

    "I'm talking about Lingshan, your craftsmanship is not very good." Yudie looked at the food in the bowl, picked it up with chopsticks and tasted it slowly, "It's all boiled into a big pile."

     "I think it's very fragrant~" Liuli blew on the bowl, and then started to eat, "And the taste is actually pretty good."

     "Liuli is the most sensible." Lingshan patted Liuli's head, and started to eat together, "I carry so many things by myself, and I have to cook [undescribable] by myself, and some of them are pretty good .”

     "Who told you to tie the two of us like that, there's nothing you can do to help you. You have to drag a big rock. I want to beat you up now." Yudie also started to eat, it seems that she is also hungry.

     "Haha, don't always want to be rough, you are a gentle girl." Lingshan lowered her head with a smile, and jokingly said, "Who made you look so good tied up, so I can't help bullying you. Don't blame me."

     "Are you reasonable?"

     Yudie also laughed, and the three girls bickered with each other, talking and laughing after tasting the big pot of delicious food together, they finally put down the bowls and chopsticks with satisfaction. Sitting by the creek together, Lingshan hugged the two girls from left to right.

     "Yudie, it doesn't feel good to hug you like this. Do you want me to tie you up again?" Lingshan tapped Yudie's nose with her hand, and said softly, "Otherwise you have no place to put your hands."

     "You have no place to put your hands! Don't tie them!"

     "Don't say that, come on, put your hands behind your backs, I'll be gentle this time." After finishing speaking, Lingshan ran to fetch the rope, "Don't worry, I won't hurt you."

     "How does it feel to be so light?" Yudie smiled, and didn't say any more, she put her hands on her back with a half-push...

     This time, Lingshan gently grabbed Yudie's wrist, put the rope on her hand lightly, wound it carefully, tied the knot well, and the rope went from her arm to her chest, and tied it tightly repeatedly. The same Japanese-style rear hand tie as before was tied to Yudie again, of course, it was still quite tight.

     Yudie put her feet together, and Lingshan also came directly to tie her knees and ankles together side by side, and the rope was tightened. For the first time, I asked Yudie if it would hurt. Yudie shook her head and didn't speak, but Liuli couldn't stand it any longer.

     "Why were you so rude when you tied me up, but why are you so gentle when you tied up my sister?" Liuli snorted and turned her head away, not looking at them.

     "My good sister is jealous?" Lingshan walked up to Liuli and hugged her into her arms, "Then sister, please be gentle with you, too."

     "snort!"

     Lingshan gently undid the zipper of Liuli's skirt, and slowly took off her transparent sailor suit and skirt. Liuli didn't resist or cooperate, just sitting like this and messing with Lingshan casually.

     When Lingshan's hands reached into Liuli's underwear, Liuli pouted, grabbed Lingshan's hand with both hands, and pulled it out.

     "Who told you to touch me, no!" Liuli covered her chest with both hands, and turned her body to the side, making Yudie who was tied to the side laugh.

     "The little hands are disobedient, why don't you let me touch them?" Lingshan hugged Liuli from behind, then gently grabbed her shoulders, then slowly moved her hands down to her wrists, and then gently grabbed Liuli. Liuli twisted her wrist behind her back.
    
     "Don't think that if you tie me up, I will agree to let you touch me, Sister Smelly!" Liuli didn't resist at all, and she didn't struggle hard with her hands, she just let Lingshan cross her wrists, put on the rope, and tie her tightly together.

     The same Japanese-style rear hand binding as Yudie, this time without the barrier of the sailor suit, the feeling of binding is even stronger. Although she didn't say anything, Liuli was already extremely excited in her heart.

     Both feet were tied up side by side in the same way, knees and ankles were tied tightly. Lingshan came to Liuli again.

     "Good sister, now, can I touch it?"

     As she spoke, Lingshan's hand stretched out and kneaded Liuli's chest. Of course, she put her hand into her underwear.

     "If you don't agree, you don't agree." Liuli was excited like a deer in her heart, but her body was still twisting and struggling symbolically, "You know how to bully me."

     "Then I'll touch until you agree."

     Lingshan supported Liuli's shoulders, making her face Yudie, then stood behind her, blowing gently in her ear with her mouth, with one arm around Liuli's waist, and the other hand stroking her chin, Then the hand went all the way down the neck and reached into the underwear.


     Use your hands to explore the pink and tender little red spots on the perfect breasts, then gently pinch and knead slowly...

     "Hmm... um..." Liuli couldn't bear it the most, it was itchy, but very irritating and comfortable, "I... don't agree..."

     "I don't want you to agree so quickly." Lingshan switched her hands and kneaded Liuli's other little red spot, until this little red spot also gradually changed from soft to firm.

     Then, the hand around Liuli's waist slowly descended along Liuli's lower abdomen. This time, it reached directly into the underpants, stroking in the dense black forest, looking for the girl's soft and pink private beginnings.

     "No...don't..." Liuli had clamped her feet tightly, leaning forward, trembling all over, "There, you can't..."

     "Then, if you still don't agree, my sister will go too far." After speaking, Lingshan symbolically stretched her hand down a little, and Liuli was already limp and could no longer resist.

     "I was wrong, sister, I agree." Liuli panted lightly, her face was red, her brows were slightly wrinkled, and she bit her lower lip tightly, "Don't mess with me, okay?"

     "My good sister, since I agree, I should let my sister touch it casually." Lingshan pressed her finger on the most sensitive part of Liuli with a little strength, as if turning on a switch.

     "Ah~~~ Sister Smelly!!"

     Liuli's feet really went limp this time, she leaned against Lingshan, and was slowly supported by her to sit in the water. He gasped for breath.

     "Are you comfortable? Good sister." Lingshan gently touched Liuli's head and kissed her forehead, "Tonight, I will hold you to sleep."

     "Well... I... listen to my sister." Liuli was so shy that she didn't even dare to lift her head, and didn't dare to open her eyes, "Just... just don't do it to me again, otherwise..."

    "Otherwise what?" Lingshan shook her body, put her arms around Liuli, and whispered softly in her ear.

    "Hate it! Are you ashamed! You know how to touch me like that...I would...huh! No

I told you, smelly sister! "

     Seeing Liuli so cute that she wanted to be eaten in one bite, Lingshan felt extremely happy. Of course, she, who has always been exposed to rain and dew, would not leave Yudie alone by her side.

     "Don't look at me, I can't jump like this."

     Yudie gently lifted her feet that were tied together side by side, and talked to Lingshan, she knew what Lingshan wanted to do with just one look.

     "Then, shall I come to help you?" Lingshan teased Yudie with her eyes, but Yudie stuck out her tongue and deliberately made a disgusted expression.

     "No need, I don't want to go there." Yudie kicked up a lot of splashes in the water with her feet, but she stopped looking at Lingshan, "It's comfortable here."

     "It's your turn to be jealous this time." Lingshan picked up the water with her hands and poured it lightly on Yudie, "Liuli, how about we go there?"

     "Hmm..." Liuli just leaned on Lingshan, letting her support her, and slowly jumped to Yudie's side.

     "It's still so comfortable." Lingshan hugged left and right again, holding the two bound cute girls in her arms, and kept touching them irregularly with her hands.

     "You are comfortable, how about us? They are all tied up, who will make us comfortable?" Yudie leaned her head on Lingshan's shoulder and looked up at the sky. It was getting dark by this time.

     "Don't you feel uncomfortable when I touch you like this?" Lingshan put her hand into Yudie's underwear, "Let me see if she is as sensitive as Liuli."

     "Stinky bastard! You... Mmm." Lingshan's gentle hands were also kneading, pinching Yudie's little red spot, saying no, but her body was very honest. Yudie's raised head gradually lowered, like Liuli, snuggling up against Lingshan's chest. Close your eyes and bite your lower lip, it is patience and enjoyment.

     Lingshan caressed the breasts of the two girls at the same time, feeling their body temperature and their hot heartbeats against her, which made the hearts of the three girls tightly united. Sitting here for a long time, the three girls didn't speak to each other, but Lingshan kept changing her ways, stroking various parts of Liuli and Yudie with her hands.

     "It's getting cold, why don't we go back to [undescribable]?"

     Feeling a breeze blowing, the three girls stood up together. With Lingshan's support, Liuli and Yudie slowly walked side by side and jumped in the direction of [undescribable]. Lights are the only waypoint for them to guide the way.

     The sky was already full of stars, and the bright moonlight shrouded the earth. After Liuli and Yudie wiped off the water stains on their bodies, their swimsuits had already dried.

     The three girls got into [undescribable] together, Lingshan was of course lying in the middle, Liuli lay on her right side consciously, Yudie lay on her left side, lying on the mat.

     The feeling of hugging left and right is really good. Lingshan stroked Liuli's chest with her hand, then put her hand into Yudie's underwear, and stroked her buttocks, not only full of elasticity, but also tender and warped.

    "Liuli, can you lie on your stomach too?" Lingshan turned her head and kissed Liuli next to her, and said softly, "I want to touch your butt too."

    "You are the only one."

    After all, Liuli still supported her body with the hands behind her very cooperatively, twisting her feet clumsily, letting herself lie down slowly, with her head facing Lingshan.

     "What a good sister."

     Lingshan's hand also reached into Liuli's underwear, touching Liuli's buttocks together. It is also round and elastic, and feels great in the hand.

     "Then, Lingshan, would you like to tell me, Liuli or I, who is more comfortable to touch?"

     "This kind of proposition, you should spare me." Lingshan smiled awkwardly, pinched Yudie's butt lightly, stretched out her hand, and stroked Yudie's thigh.

     Yudie simply turned her feet up so that she could touch from her thighs to her calves, touch her heels, and then go back along the way. Fingers wandering on this super-fine skin that can be broken by blows and blows, brought Lingshan great satisfaction.

     Liuli also learned to turn her feet up, but Lingshan joked to her: "Why, my good sister, do you want to tie a horse?"

    "You...why do you keep bullying me." Liuli's already shy face turned even redder, "I don't want to tie a horse, it's uncomfortable to sleep on."

     "Haha, then I'll have to see your performance." After finishing speaking, Lingshan got up, hugged Lingshan from behind, hugged her tightly, rubbed her buttocks while stroking her thighs, and held her hands together. She also reached into her panties and fiddled with her.

     "Ah, ah, sister... said... don't do this to me..." Liuli couldn't stop panting, and the excitement in her heart made Liuli feel the apex. She is really an overly stinky sister... But, I just love this bully...

     Liuli was tossed and tossed repeatedly for several minutes, her whole body was turned upside down, lying on the mat, sweat stains appeared on her forehead, her eyes were blurred, her cheeks were flushed, she was still panting and moaning, Lingshan gradually stopped her hands . Put the glass aside gently.

     "Don't, don't come here...Yah~~"

     Yudie hid symbolically, and was picked up by the excited Lingshan, who directly reached into her underwear. This kind of slightly mature feeling was different from Liuli, but it had a special flavor.

     "You... ah..."

     Yudie's panting sound is even more charming and charming. As Lingshan fiddled with her underwear irregularly, Yudie's heart beat faster and faster. This feeling is really...

     "Uh-huh……"

     Yudie closed her mouth, but she couldn't stop moaning. She was now flushed and limp, letting Lingshan caress her body, from her chin, to her chest, to her lower abdomen, and then to her crotch. To thighs, calves...

     Every inch of skin, Lingshan has not fallen off. This wonderful feeling can only be experienced by those who are on the scene. Both sweet and exciting.

     The two girls' heartbeats can already be felt by each other. This is the feeling of unity of body and mind.

     After a long time, Yudie's panting became more and more intense, and gradually became softer and softer. Her shy expression was no different from Liuli's. However, she is more feminine.

     "It's getting late, why don't we rest today." Lingshan was also tired, looking at Liuli and Yudie on both sides, they were already lying motionless on their sides, their faces full of tiredness.

     "Um……"

     As soon as the lights were turned off, the three girls cuddled together again. Lingshan stroked the place where the two girls were pulled by the rope today, and rubbed them gently, gently.

     The two girls leaned against Lingshan tenderly, leaning against her, with their heads resting on her shoulders. hug and sleep.

     The night is getting deeper, and the moon outside [undescribable] is also hanging high above the head. The three girls in [undescribable] have finished a day of exciting and exhausting play, relying on each other, sweet into the dream.

     I believe that after the sun rises tomorrow, the three girls will usher in a new day. From their smiling faces, it can be seen that they had a lot of fun today, but I don't know if they are still in their dreams, continuing to play happily today?