//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

"I have a terrible headache..." Elsa woke up in bursts of stinging pain. Just as she was about to rub her dazed head with her hands habitually, she found that she couldn't move her hands. She tried to struggle and found out. , Now the rope is added to my body, "Why can't I move, I'm tied up? Who is so wicked?"

Elsa's first reaction was that she had been kidnapped, but she was just an ordinary girl of the elves, with no special value, why did she tie me up?

There is a floor-to-ceiling mirror on the left side of the room, and Elsa, who is lying down, turns sideways awkwardly, looking at herself in the mirror.

The girl who was just in her cardamom years had good features and flushed cheeks. The rope on her body was very simple, but she seemed to be shaking for a long time without any signs of loosening. You must know that the strength of the elves is great.

With her hands behind her back, she feels that they are stacked together, and it seems that there is a strong sense of restraint from her wrists to her elbows, but she can't see it intuitively; [Undescribable] An "8"-shaped rope is wound around the center, and the tightened place seems to be behind.

In this way, Elsa's chest, which was originally wearing a tube top, protruded outwards, and her legs seemed to have received special care. The thighs, knees, and ankles were all covered with golden ropes. This is to fold the ropes in half. After that, the binding method of winding first and then tightening in the middle is very tight, and there is no room for struggle. Elsa didn't exert any strength, so naturally she couldn't struggle with the already strong rope on her body. Really professional...

No, no, I'm clearly being kidnapped right now, shouldn't I ask for help? Why do you admire the feeling of this rope tied...

When Elsa thought of this, her face turned red again instantly, and she was so hot that her body gradually heated up. The self in the mirror looks more well-proportioned, more... More charming, the rope on the chest is the finishing touch to outline the maturity of this girl, but it makes people look so pleasing to the eye.

No, no! What am I thinking? ? Uh... the frame of this floor-to-ceiling mirror looks familiar! Ahhh, isn't this from the house of that noble lady, Xue Fei?

Only then did Elsa remember that she hadn't been gagged, hadn't been fixed in place, and hadn't been blindfolded, so she didn't feel kidnapped at all. No wonder she wasn't nervous at all.

Quickly inspected the huge room, which was very familiar to Elsa. She was lying in the middle of the four-poster bed, and the golden nanmu cabinet beside the bed looked antique. Elsa remembered that she had hidden things in this cabinet before and was found. The table is not far from the window, but it is very simple. The window screen is hazy, with a phantom white, which is a symbol of nobility. And the windows and mirrors...

"Don't look, don't look, I just moved here yesterday in order to let you find out how beautiful you are." A sudden call made Elsa turn pale with fright, Xue Fei and Xue Yan stood behind, covering their mouths secretly Smiling, "This is to surprise you. Do you still remember what I told you about taking you to the Jomon Festival?"

Looking back at her friend Xue Fei, Elsa could not wait to go up and kick her hard with that playful smile on her face. And her little maid Xueyan looked at the tightly bound Elsa without blinking her eyes, like a beautiful work of art. This perfect figure has long made the master and servant salivate.

But after saying this, Elsa also remembered that last time Xuefei did tell her that there was a human event where she could bind her intimate girls to go out and play, so she remembered inviting her.

Damn, I haven't agreed yet, okay? What do you mean by tying me up, and being led out like this, you can't lose me to death? No no no! Absolutely not!

Elsa looked at Xue Fei angrily, and was about to yell at Xue Fei, but Xue Fei made a silent gesture around her mouth, and Xue Fei took advantage of the situation and slapped her protruding chest fiercely. I took the opportunity to pinch it.

"Okay, don't be angry." Xuefei rubbed Elsa's breasts while stroking her thighs that were bound so immovably, she changed the subject, "It was Xueyan's idea, I tied her up for you I'm sorry, I'm asking her to pay you to go with me! It's such a happy agreement."

"Pfft..." Before Xueyan could smile, her smile froze. Feelings made her participate, so she wanted to be the one who took the blame? But... I can't refuse the little master's request, "Wuuu, it's obviously your idea..."

"Don't be so long-winded~" Xue Fei gave her a hard look on purpose, and grabbed her wrist with a smile, "Just stay with your elder sister Elsa~"

Amid Xueyan's tender protest, Xuefei turned a deaf ear to completing the binding of Xueyan: her hands were tied behind her back in a European style, and the golden ropes above the elbows and wrists shone brightly on the long white satin gloves ;The upper body only has a simple Japanese style, but the effect is very significant. Xueyan's immature chest is as prominent as Elsa's now.

In order to "make a good apology", Xuefei specially tied a strand of rope under Xueyan's crotch, and pulled it lightly a few times, which made Xueyan pant again, looking at the bully with a red face and pouting her mouth. The ears on Xueyan's head and the tail on the back unconsciously tensed up.

The ropes on the legs are relatively simple, but they also tie the knees up and down, thighs and ankles side by side. Poor Xueyan can only jump and jump now. But after a piece of cloth blindfolded her eyes ruthlessly, Xueyan suddenly lost her sense of direction and fell on the bed.

Now Xuefei was in high spirits, adjusted Xueyan's body to the side, put a black collar on her, stretched out her hands, and began to caress the smooth and shiny skin on Xueyan's body.

"Ah!!!" Xueyan yelled, this sudden attack made her feel very excited, and she wanted to resist very much, but she struggled hard, but it was meaningless. Xue Fei blocked her retreat with one hand, and started to act recklessly relying on being Xue Yan's master.

A pair of white hands circled around Xue Yan's chest, greedily stroking the little meat ball that he liked very much. Seeing that Xueyan had closed her eyes and was biting her lips to resist, Xuefei even put her hands into Xueyan's underwear, gently fiddled with her cute little red dots, which made Xueyan calm down her restlessness. , but the cute little meat tip gradually stood up again, ahhh, smelly master, you know how to bully me...

Xue Fei's hand continued to go down, reached Xue Yan's thigh, and cut directly between her legs. The tender and smooth little hand rubbed Xue Yan's white skin, and the feeling of her plump legs clamping her hand was really great. up. And Xueyan's body also slowly trembled, the way she panted and writhed was so likable. His chest heaved slightly, and sweat stains had already seeped out of his forehead. Xueyan's hands behind her back were tightly clenched into fists, and her feet tensed and stretched from time to time. Under Xue Fei's touch, Xueyan's heart almost fell.

The master and servant acted like no one else was there, and Elsa next to her was really ashamed, her cheeks were flushed, and she buried her head on the bed, hoping to calm herself down.

"Haha, I'm sorry, I'm too involved..." Xuefei realized that there was Elsa next to her, she was a little out of control just now, she pretended to be calm, and stood up, "Let's go~ "

Xue Fei loosened the ropes on Elsa's legs and feet, and put a special black cloak on her. It doesn't look so awkward this way.

"That's right~ I said something seems to be missing." Before Elsa could react, Xue Fei quickly tied her a rope. The moment it was tightened, Elsa's face turned redder and she screamed come out.

"You too~" After Xue Fei put on the cloak for Xue Yan, Xue Fei looked at the two girls' outfits with satisfaction, then called another maid to come in, and asked her to follow their appearance and dress the two girls. I also dressed up in a Japanese style, with ropes and knees tied together. From the skillful skills of this maid, I can see that Xue Fei often calls her here...

"Ah, it's so comfortable to walk like this..." Xue Fei smiled and walked forward a few steps. The rubbing of the rope under her crotch made her reveal a smile that she didn't even notice, and Elsa was frightened. He Xueyan took a step back consciously.

"Uh, how could it be comfortable? It's so uncomfortable. I don't want to go." Elsa sat down on the bed, pouted, "It's already shameful, but we have to be seen, and we are all tied up, right? What about the bad guys?"

"Do you think that bad guy dares to touch us here? Don't be afraid, let's go, let's go, hee hee. Otherwise, I won't treat you as a good sister~ huh??"

"You..." Elsa's hands and feet are tied now, and she is helpless, which is what she looks like now, "Don't give me a chance later!"

"Okay, okay~~ Just take it as getting used to the environment of the Jomon Festival." Finally, after half-pushing, Xue Fei encouraged Elsa to come out together.

"Hey, other people will be tied up like this by then?" Elsa didn't dare to look up, but she was surprised to find that the people on the street didn't dislike or disdain the three people's outfits, but really Immediately became curious about the human rope culture.

"Yeah, it's not a big deal, otherwise there wouldn't be a Jomon Festival." Xue Fei replied while moving her legs tied to her knees. She couldn't take a big step, or the strands under her crotch would make her look good. It's a bit embarrassing to be tossed to the knees here, haha.

Xueyan, whose ankles were also bound, didn't seem to have any discomfort. She jumped and jumped on the street, seeming to be moving faster than the two of them. "Miss Elsa is a rare visitor, so it's normal to be watched."

         "Look at that girl, she seems to be from the elves."

"Yeah, really want to see the bondage on the surface of the body under the cloak."

"Wow, isn't that Miss Xuefei, you're lucky today. It's so beautiful~~~"

"..."

The people on the side of the road didn't mean to avoid it, they were discussing with the people next to them.

	"oh--!"

There was a commotion in the crowd suddenly, Xuefei "accidentally" knocked off the pin of the black cloak on Elsa, and the cloak fell off naturally.
 
"Oh, she is a beauty. Look at this figure, even if I am a woman, I can still score high."

"That Japanese style is perfect, the angle and reserved space are impeccable."

Everyone was discussing, but all of them were praises, which made Elsa a little shy, but faintly, she was looking forward to the Jomon Festival. After all, such a heartfelt compliment is what every girl dreams of...

The day of the Jomon Festival is coming soon. Elsa arrived as promised, and saw Xuefei and Xueyan already dressed and waiting at the door. Although Xue Fei wanted to wear some clothes she liked more, but due to her identity, she ended up wearing a tube top white dress with white stockings, and a pair of white leather boots under her feet, elegant yet agile, just standing here, It has already fascinated Elsa and Xueyan.

Xueyan dressed up a little more elegantly, a maid outfit and stockings perfectly outlined her figure, two long braids hanging down her waist, the abrupt [undescribable], especially in this dress Under the maid's outfit, it looked so surging.

Elsa is wearing a traditional and standard elf coat, a green tube top, black stockings with these leather boots, and the cloak on her body gives off a breezy look.

"Okay, okay, come quickly, ready to go." Xuefei came to three maids and asked them to dress up the three of them. Seeing that they cooperated so well, Elsa also gradually realized that the rope culture was in the How popular and respected it is here.

As before, the standard Japanese-style chest binding of the three girls, the side-by-side binding of the strands and knees are all in place. The hands of the three were hung high behind their backs, and a pair of leather shackles were added to each person's feet. The chain is not very long, so it is still a bit of a hindrance to walk, but this has not stopped their interest in the slightest.

On Xueyan's neck, there is an extra collar specially designed for her. There seems to be something wrapped outside, and it looks very cute and fluffy.

"Alright, alright, time is up, let's go~" Xue Fei retreated from the maids, and opened the door excitedly with the two of them. Today's street was unprecedentedly grand. Xuefei and Xueyan took Elsa and went to the corner of the street. Xuefei said that there are a lot of delicious snack bars there, and they are going to have a good time today.

Of course, today's destination is the beach. Xuefei's home is not too far from the beach. Just pass through three street corners and turn a corner, and you will see a beach where tourists can play or stay. But don't worry now, just play slowly.

"Everyone is like this today, so don't be nervous." Xue Fei explained after she sat down too quickly and didn't show Elsa the situation on the street, "Everyone is like us today, Sister Elsa can eat freely, don't be afraid of getting fat, haha~"

Elsa was skeptical, but the dessert Xue Fei found seemed to be really popular. The three of them had just entered, and the crowd behind them took up all the seats in the store.

Elsa looked up and looked around, and sure enough, she found many girls who were bound as tightly as the three of them. At the table next to the corner where the three of them were, there were two gorgeously dressed girls who were chatting, using what seemed to be an ancient court knotting method, which looked dense and complicated.

"It's Miss Noble! Ahhh, Lord Xuefei, she's so beautiful, she's here too!!" The two seemed to have just finished talking, and when they looked at the table where Elsa was, they found Xuefei. With her iconic little maid Seol-yeon.

"What a beautiful elf sister, she matches Master Xuefei so well!" The two girls were even more surprised when they saw Elsa, and at the same time stared presumptuously at her chest for a few times.

Elsa noticed their admiring and aggressive gazes, her face immediately became hot, and at the same time she turned her head away quickly, the dessert had already arrived. Blueberry Coconut Shredded Crisp is the signature of this shop, and it is also Xuefei's favorite. Although there will definitely be a lot of food outside later, she still wants to eat two here first.

Elsa lowered her head and picked one up. Just as she was about to try it out, she felt her bare thigh being touched by something, numb and itchy. Did people respond. A piece of cake held in his mouth almost fell off.

Glancing under the table twice, and then looking at Xueyan and Xuefei who were giggling, she knew that this was Xueyan's forte - her tail could tease people.

After paying the bill, as soon as the three of them stood up, they attracted the attention of most of the girls around them. The clothes and the restraints on the body looked just right, perfectly highlighting the girl's figure and youthful vigor.

"It seems that I saw that beautiful elf sister last time! She is still the most beautiful today."

"I think the noble lady is more beautiful, the curve of the waist... tsk tsk, I'm so jealous."

"Don't you think the little maid Xueyan is more beautiful? I don't know if it's because of her clothes. I rarely saw Xueyan dressed as a maid before."

"..."

Each has its own argument, and each has its own truth. The three of them walked out of the shop amidst people's discussions, and they couldn't help but blushed. Especially Elsa, before this, she had rarely been widely praised in public. At this time, she lowered her head and followed Xue Fei step by step. Her shy blush made her even more charming.

"There!" Xue Fei's eyes glowed golden, "Oh my God, I never expected that there are so many delicious foods at the Jomon Festival!"

Impatiently wanting to run over, she was almost caught by the rope and shackles on her knees, so she quickly adjusted and pulled the two of them towards that side.

Elsa is usually in the realm of the elves. Although there are such activities, they will not be so grand. Of course, she is very excited.

The three of them were walking slowly on the street, passing by other girls from time to time, saying hello, and Xue Fei would playfully touch the rope or chest, causing a burst of exclamation.

"Sister Elsa." Elsa was walking slowly when she heard Xuefei calling her.

"Eh?" She turned around, and Xueyan and Xuefei grabbed her chest with one hand, and at the same time, Xueyan's furry tail swept over and rubbed away at the base of her thigh.

"Hey...?" Elsa only felt that her whole body began to heat up slowly, and her chest was kneaded by two people. The force was very balanced, so that she didn't feel uncomfortable at all, but she was stimulated by bursts at that time. . The root of the thigh is also very itchy, that kind of feeling, like...

Elsa only felt that the eyes of the people who were walking around seemed to gather, and the people who were walking seemed to have quieted down. Immediately, his cheeks were flushed, and he lowered his head and only stared at the toes of his black leather boots, while controlling himself not to make any noise. Of course Xuefei and Xueyan would not let her get what she wanted, half pushing and half pulling her to slowly walk towards the crowded place, while increasing the strength and flexibility of her hands and tail.

Xuefei suddenly stretched her hand in, one finger propped up the tube top, and the rest of her fingers moved on Elsa's plump breasts. First, he gently hugged his chest, then twisted the little cherry for a while to tease, and then drew circles around it.

So the three of them walked forward in a strange posture, attracting passers-by's frequent glances.

"It's still on the street... stop it!" Elsa muttered in a low voice, "It's so embarrassing... can't... be in a place where there are no other people..."

Xueyan and Xuefei turned a deaf ear, still walking sideways, ravaging Elsa's chest for a while, making her blush, but they could only protest softly.

It was enough for Xuefei to see the provocative Elsa, so she turned around, adjusted her body, and pulled Xueyan and Elsa forward as if nothing had happened.

"Hee hee, sister Elsa, is it exciting?" Xue Yan exhaled next to Elsa's ear, which made her itch and curled up her neck.

"Stimulate your head! I really want to beat you!" Elsa whispered, but she didn't dare to raise her head. To her, the eyes of passers-by were like jackals and leopards, and she was afraid to avoid them.

"Okay, let's go quickly, I can't wait to go to the beach~" Xue Fei laughed, pulled the two good sisters, and no longer shy away from the eyes and comments of passers-by, and ran to the beach in a hurry~

"Walk around, there are many things to do at the beach~" Xueyan pulled Elsa and followed closely behind, but Elsa did not have the experience like Xuefei and Xueyan after all, and her walking speed was a bit slower.

Xuefei seemed to have made arrangements long ago, and pulled the two of them to sit on an inflatable raft moored by the sea, stretched out her legs as paddles, paddled with Xueyan, and gradually moved away from the crowd.

Elsa was sitting on the raft, Xuefei and Xueyan scooped up water with their feet tied side by side, and splashed it on the raft, causing Elsa to dodge in embarrassment.

"Don't make a fuss, don't make a fuss..." Before she finished speaking, she was splashed by the water scooped up by Xueyan, and she stopped talking immediately, and began to twist left and right to avoid the "water polo attack" of the two. Of course, the raft is only that big, so where can we hide? Xuefei didn't know whether it was intentional or not, she always didn't control it well, and some water flew towards Xueyan, splashing Xueyan who was caught off guard. ...

Not to be outdone, Xueyan didn't care whether Xuefei did it on purpose, she responded very simply. Elsa, who was sandwiched between the two, was miserable. After a while, the fabric used to make the tube top became a little soft, and it tended to slide down.

Seeing that it was useless after talking for a long time, Elsa simply reached the stern and started splashing water on the two of them with her own feet. She is also a well-known warrior among the elves, and she immediately used her fighting spirit on her feet, and all three of them's clothes were soaked by the wall of water.

Xuefei and Xueyan looked at each other tacitly, put aside their "enmity" for the time being, and turned their heads to deal with Elsa. With her hands and feet bound and her body unable to move, Elsa was no match for the two. After a while, she was drenched all over, and the fabric stuck to her body softly, highlighting her attractive curves.

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

"Hee hee, sister Elsa is very attractive~" Xue Fei leaned over to tease Elsa, then turned her back and placed her hands precisely on her chest.

Elsa now seriously suspects that Xuefei's maids have tampered with, otherwise why is the position where her hands are tied behind her back just right on her chest? ?

So Elsa shrank back, but her chest was clamped by Xuefei, and she would not let go easily. Seeing that Elsa was about to turn around, she squeezed Little Cherry tightly. Sure enough, Elsa stopped her body movements all of a sudden, panting, and swayed left and right at the same time, trying to get rid of Xue Fei's prison.

Xueyan also turned to help, she put her legs on top of Elsa's legs to prevent her from moving further. Elsa was constrained by the two people, and she couldn't resist no matter what, she could only shake her body in vain, watching Xue Fei's fingers circle around her chest.

"Eh...?" Elsa didn't know what she was going to do until Xueyan's cherry lips were getting closer. Xueyan fell down, kissed Elsa's chest with her mouth, and then took the little cherry in her mouth, touching and teasing it with her tongue. The tail didn't forget to join in the fun, it swung around Elsa's thigh and rubbed it round and round.

Where did Elsa suffer from this kind of stimulation? Although she had experienced it once on the road, she still struggled, her face blushed, and she turned to look at the waterfowl in the sky, trying to calm herself down.

There were three young girls laughing and playing in the water, and the raft floated with the waves. It was not until late at night that Xuefei and Xueyan reluctantly let Elsa go, and fumbled for the lights to turn on. direction, paddled the water with his feet, and slowly approached the shore.

Xuefei and Xueyan helped Elsa jump off the raft and walked on the beach, trying to find a place with few people to set up a [undescribable].

"Hey, it's my turn to be the hostess!" After some unknown, Xueyan, who had been bound the most and tightly, suddenly stretched out her hands and touched Xuefei and Elsa, then knelt down and untied them. The bondage on his own legs.

"Eh?" The two of them obviously didn't react, and then they watched themselves being brought down by Xueyan, and then Xueyan ran to the side to take [undescribable].

Her movements were quick, and [undescribable] stood up very quickly, so Xueyan walked into [undescribable] holding Xue Fei who was furious and Elsa who was still blushing.

"Xueyan, you can't...uh..." Before Xuefei finished speaking, she was so stimulated by the touch of the tail wrapped around her waist, she involuntarily stopped what she was saying, and let out a moan.

"Hee hee~" Xueyan first put Elsa on the bed that was made beside her, the angle was just facing the bed she and Xue Fei shared, then she hugged Xue Fei and pushed her onto the bed.

As a maid in Xuefei's family, Xueyan naturally knows this well, her tail lingers on her legs and doesn't go anywhere else, her hands stay on Xuefei's chest, sometimes kneading, sometimes deep, Xueyan Faey, on the other hand, had an expression of enjoyment, and looked at Elsa next to her as if she wasn't ashamed, so she quickly buried herself on the bed, her heart full of spring tides.

Xue Fei, who was on the surface in a state of desperation, was almost captured at this time. The hands under her body grabbed the sheets and shook her body, trying to shake Xue Yan off, but Xue Yan rode tightly on her body, and she was under pressure. Her waist was pinned down, no matter how she twisted, her feet could not be separated from the binding of her thighs. Gradually, Xueyan's movements became softer and more regular, Xuefei's little cherry stood up, seeking what it wanted...

Then, Xueyan left Xuefei's body with a smirk on her face. Let Xuefei whimper dissatisfiedly beside her, walked a few steps to Elsa's bed, rode up, and turned over the blushing Elsa.

Elsa still had her eyes tightly closed, after all, even if she didn't look at them just now, she knew what they were doing, right?

Then the furry thing came around, this time directly on Elsa's chest. After all, the fabric on her chest was already soaked, so she simply peeled off the fabric of her tube top and tucked her tail into it.

"It's itchy! Itchy..." If it wasn't for being held down, Elsa would probably jump up on the spot. Although Xuefei had stimulated it countless times with her fingers before, it was far inferior to Xueyan's tail. Fluffy, Elsa felt itchy in her chest, but it was very comfortable. When the tail "inadvertently" caressed the one-third of an acre of cherry land, it groaned inadvertently.

"Ah... Xueyan..." Elsa felt the stimulation in her chest, but she was almost speechless.

Suddenly his body lightened, and the stimulation on his body also disappeared. Elsa opened her eyes that had been closed just now in surprise, only to find that Xue Fei, who had been tightly bound just now, had broken free from the shackles at some point, rushed over and grabbed Xue Yan, skillfully Grab the rope next to it and tie it up.

After a while, Xueyan, who was still "dominating" just now, was tied up, her legs and feet were still tied side by side as before, her hands were tied behind her back, in a posture of worshiping Guanyin, but Xueyan's flexibility is very good , so I didn't feel uncomfortable at all. There will be no shortage of chest bindings, the rope in Xue Fei's hand is flying up and down, and it has all been wrapped around Xue Yan's body in the blink of an eye.

Before Xueyan could protest, she found herself put on Elsa's bed. Xue Fei came over and raised the heads of the two of them, letting them rest on her lap, hugging her left and right, feeling very comfortable in her heart.

Xue Fei stretched out her hands, one for each of them, into the clothes of the two of them, and acted recklessly on the smooth skin of Elsa and Xueyan: Elsa only felt her chest tighten at first, and just as she was about to react, the hand But he ran to the back and scratched it lightly, then stretched down and pinched her buttocks.

"Tsk tsk, it's really predictable, sister~" Xue Fei laughed, which made Elsa even more embarrassed, but she was completely powerless to resist.

Xueyan’s situation here is similar to Elsa’s. First, her chest was stimulated, and then her buttocks. It seemed to be “special care”. Xueyan only felt that there were bursts of itching coming from her inner thighs, which made her scream .

"Ah, master..."

Xueyan made Xuefei even more excited, so she pulled out Elsa's hand and pinched Xueyan up and down, with one hand kneading her breasts in front, and the other hand stretched behind her to caress her buttocks.

Elsa was lying down, but when Xue Fei moved her hand away from her body, she felt a little lost for no reason.

"Xuefei..." Seeing the fight between the master and the servant, Elsa finally couldn't help but said, "Please...please do something to me...?" At the end, her voice was as thin as Mosquito, but Xuefei still heard it.

"Hee hee, sister, I knew you would ask for this~" Xue Fei smiled and spread out a hand, and began to attack the two of them separately.
————————————————————————————————————
[Indescribable]'s lights didn't go out until very late, and most of the people around were already asleep. However, faintly within the [undescribable], bursts of laughter and playful voices can be heard.

Elsa didn't seem to have slept so soundly for a long time. The three of them finally removed the raised bed and rolled into a ball on the carpeted floor. Rubbing against each other with all parts of the body, the only free Xue Fei naturally took advantage of it. Elsa and Xue Yan finally reached an alliance and attacked her together, but with their hands and feet bound and tied with ropes, the attack It is really difficult to work.

"Ugh... ah." After waking up, Elsa subconsciously wanted to stretch to welcome the coming of the next day, but found that her arms could not move.

Oh oh, forgot that I was still tied up.

No, where is this? Elsa was confused for a while, what about [undescribable]? Where's Xueyan, where's Xuefei? Where has everyone gone?

Looking around, she felt relieved, it was Xuefei's room, but when were the iron hooks installed on the roof?

Elsa felt that the arms and the noose on the back seemed to be supporting the weight of her whole body, but because of the scattered force points, she didn't feel tight. The little feet in the boots can barely touch the floor until they are straightened, and it seems that they have been hung up.

Elsa swayed, and immediately pulled the rope, which made her tremble and stopped.

Looking to the left, Xueyan was also hanging beside her, also in a state of pointing her toes on the ground. Looking at her appearance, she should know what she is like. Pull your hands up behind your back, separate the rope to tie up the Japanese-style chest tie, and at the same time connect to the big iron hook on the roof. In this way, it will use its own gravity to pull it to the chest... Elsa blushes, no wonder she feels so tight...

However, Xueyan was still "specially treated", her eyes were covered by black cloth, and something was stuffed in her mouth, which was pulled behind her head and fixed, but because of the distance, Elsa couldn't see what it was. She seemed to be twisting her body, probably because of the thing protruding from the middle of the strands under her crotch, but she didn't know what it was.

While looking for where Xue Fei was, Xue Fei came in by herself. Xue Fei, who changed into the clothes that were soaked yesterday, looks more noble, but the rope is still ruthlessly wrapped around her body: her hands are tied behind her back, why does her chest look bigger than before... I don't know if it's an illusion, or just Straight out of the chest. The legs are tied, jumping up and down, looking a little clumsy, but still very cute.

"Sister woke up, she slept very deeply last night~" Xue Fei was still smiling, probably nothing could bother this carefree noble lady, "Sister's figure is very graceful~ Good morning~"

"I hate it!" Elsa blushed suddenly, only then did she realize that her clothes had been changed.

Xuefei jumped closer, raised her head, saw that she could just reach Elsa who was bowing her head, and kissed her.

This good morning kiss came unexpectedly, but Elsa found that she didn't have the instinct to dodge it, and responded actively to Xue Fei's request for a kiss.

After a long time of kissing, Xuefei smacked her lips with insatiable desire, then moved her face closer and began to linger on Elsa's chest. Although most of the body has been rubbed, but the chest has definitely received special attention.

"Xuefei... don't..." Elsa doesn't dare to move now, the knot in her lower body will make her very irritated, but the chest here doesn't seem to be a good look either.

Yes, not to mention the itchy feeling of the hair, but now when the hair is tied, the chest has been tightened, so the stimulation has been magnified infinitely...

But why do I enjoy myself a little? This exciting feeling?

A small amount of fine beads of sweat had already gushed out of the reddest part of Elsa's cheeks, and her body ignored the rope under her crotch, moving slowly to get out of the clutches of the devil, but it undoubtedly only deepened her feelings.

Xuefei quickly called the maid to untie the rope connecting Elsa and Xueyan to the big iron hook on the roof, after all, the breakfast was going to be cold.

Of course, breakfast is also tied. For the hot pastry, Elsa has no choice but to eat it with her mouth, and she has to endure Xueyan's tail attack on her crotch and thigh, intentionally or unintentionally. The pastry will fall off after a while once.

...

"See you next time." Elsa and Xuefei's master and servant both saw the reluctance in each other's eyes. Xuefei naturally honestly did not untie the rope for Elsa, but let her tie it back and find a sharp weapon to cut it open. Elsa spent a long time cutting with fighting spirit, only to find that the rope was specially made. are completely immune.

Well, Elsa accepts her fate, if she doesn't leave, it will be dark, so let's go quickly.

The elf land is just outside the city, so all Elsa has to do is walk through the streets and city gates at dusk, and then walk home.

There was no danger on the way. Although you don't need to care about it in a human city, but when you go out of the city, you are still afraid of being targeted by some strange creatures.

"Elsa is back?" The villagers at the entrance of the village greeted as usual as if they didn't see the binding on their bodies.

"I'm back, I've been exhausted for the past two days." It wasn't that I was exhausted, she secretly complained that Xue Fei was really ruthless.

After finally moving back to her own home, Elsa didn't have time to untie the restraints on her body. She fell asleep with her head tilted on the pillow, probably because she was always tied up these days, so she got used to it.

In the dream, Elsa struggled with the corners of her mouth raised, but she couldn't get rid of the bondage on her body. I guess I dreamed about the second Jomon Festival.