//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

"Damn it! I didn't expect it to be shot down so soon!"

The female knight Kalis who was escorting the princess watched helplessly as the city she guarded was destroyed by the fierce attack of the powerful siege engines and arrow crossbows. It is unbelievable that a city in Nuoda was captured in this way. The other party must have strange people, otherwise, how could this impenetrable city wall, which has been standing for a hundred years, be broken by them in just a few months. But now, Caris couldn't allow her to think too much, her subordinates couldn't die in vain, her life wasn't worth it, but the princess had to be sent back to the capital safely.

"General Caris, can we... really escape?" The princess was already trembling in the carriage, and now she didn't have any guards besides Caris. The princess who grew up in a honeypot, How could I have thought that I just came to visit the mountains and rivers, but suddenly encountered an undeclared war from the enemy country, and I had to flee.

"Princess Feirui, please believe me, I will let you escape, princess! Sit down!"

Caris was driving the carriage, her eyes were focused, and she held the reins tightly in her hands, because she didn't know if she could escape, even if she was alone, she might not be able to escape...

The city behind him was already in flames and completely fell. Believe that the enemy can't find you and the princess, and will catch up soon. However, before Kalis could think about it, there were sparks of fire on both sides of the path. No way, she would be surrounded by these torches soon. At that time, she would really be dead. I can fight to the death, but if the princess is captured by them, then one can imagine what happened to her.

"God! Please save me!" The princess was so frightened that she cried and prayed in the carriage, but no god could hear her appeal. The only thing she can rely on now is Caris and the sword in her hand.

	"roll!"

Facing the young men standing in front of her carriage, Kalis rushed over in the carriage, waved the saber in her hand, and repelled them all in two or three hits. After all, Karis is the highest guard in this city, so it's normal to have special skills. It is impossible for ordinary minions to stop her, but after all, she is fleeing now, and sitting in a carriage is not conducive to fighting. The little minion who was repelled by her seemed to recognize her identity, and immediately shouted loudly, It caused the nearby enemy troops to suddenly surround them here. Damn, what should I do?

In this way, it is impossible to break out of the encirclement. There are so many people on the other side, no matter how powerful she is, she will be exhausted and defeated. She has no choice but to turn her head and yell at Princess Feirui who is about to collapse. , run along this road! Don't look back!"

"Huh? General?"

"I'm going to stop them!"

After all, Kalisi pulled Princess Ferry out and sat her on the horse. She cut off the reins of the cart pulled by the horses, flipped sideways, and jumped off the horse. Princess Ferry was still in shock. But she could only see the stalwart back of Kalis, which was the heroic figure she decided to protect herself with her life, "I'm sorry, General Kalis, if I hadn't dragged you down, you would have been able to escape by yourself."

But it was useless to say anything now, and she could not live up to the kindness that Kalisi gave herself with her life. Princess Ferry shook the rein vigorously, and fled out of the encirclement on her horse alone. And Karis, has been surrounded by the enemy regiments that surrounded her.

"So it's Your Excellency the General, and you're actually running away alone?" This eccentric man walked out of the crowd, dressed as an assassin, with a pair of fist blades in his hands, he looked very difficult to mess with, and this man Karis knew. , I have fought with him many times, and I am evenly matched with myself, but I have never heard of him joining the enemy country, why is he here?

"I didn't expect to meet in this situation, Taize, stop talking nonsense, come on!" Karis held the sword in both hands, and put on a full fighting posture. Although the opponent was numerous, she did not lose the wind in the slightest. Instead, he majesticly assumed an unyielding posture. However, Taize is not an idiot who only knows martial arts.

"Traces of the horses, and this fallen carriage. Even you have to die here. The escaped one must be a big fish. Let the troops behind to snipe the escaped one. We must catch him alive!" Taize said. As soon as she came out, Kalis was thrown into a panic. Damn it, did she figure out her situation clearly after just one meeting? If she is hunted down with all her strength, the princess can't escape, what should she do?

"You are careless!"

Caris hadn't recovered yet, Taize's fist blade had already pierced in front of her, stronger than Caris, she could only use her saber to block hastily, she was hit so unstable, the so-called caring is chaotic, now Kalis still loves to fight, but there are so many people surrounded here, and she can't fly. Now that the matter of the princess has been found out, she can only fight to the death to have a chance to rescue the princess.

However, Caris picked up the sword and only fought Taize for a few rounds, only to find that this man was too powerful. Could it be that he had been hiding his strength before? It's useless to think about these now, let's fight!

However, fighting spirit alone cannot defeat the opponent. After a powerful impact, Kalis finally let go of her sword. They rushed forward and pressed Caris firmly on the ground. Such a beautiful female knight was born as a captive.

"You are not allowed to insult her, tie her up and hand her over to me, and hurry up to chase after that big fish. Adjutant, after you catch that big fish, you can take credit for it." Taize looked down at the prisoner Caris, who was lying on the ground, watched her being tightly tied up by the gangsters, and everyone dispersed. Leaving Taize and Kalis here, the judgment will be judged, and Kalis has nothing to say, but the princess probably won't be able to escape...

"Haha, yes! Long live the boss~ Little ones, let's go!"

"Do it, do you still want to let me live?" Kalisi said fiercely, without begging for mercy, showing her determination everywhere, but this is meaningless, it's just a winner and a loser.

"Didn't you save me a life before? I owe you my life." As he spoke, Taize picked up Karis and threw him on his horse, "Don't worry, I won't I plan to hand you over to ask for credit."

"What do you mean?" Hearing this, Caris actually relaxed a little. Could it be that this man is different from what she imagined? However, within a few seconds, Karis regretted it.

"Of course it's exclusive, haha, beautiful general, I've been coveting your beauty for a long time, so I don't owe you anything, and I can insult you at will in the future, what a wonderful thing this is With that said, Taize laughed wildly and rode out of the battlefield on horseback.

"You bastard, you're not human!" Regardless of Caris' twisting on the horse's back, Taize led her to his base.

Going back to a remote place, it seems to be an abandoned cottage, Taize skillfully kicked open the door of the village, this place has been cleaned briefly, it seems that it is the place where Taize's people are stationed, this time they should also come here in full force Out. Putting Caris on his shoulders again, Taize laughed and talked to himself while patting Caris's extremely elastic ass.

"That's great, Your Excellency General, tonight, no, now, you are my man."

In the room, Taize threw Caris directly on the bed. Although the bed was a bit soft, Caris was quite frightened. The rope tied on his body was too strong, and he had exhausted all methods on the road, but he couldn't untie the rope.

"No, don't! Why do you do this kind of thing? You can't be humiliated!"

"Sorry, you are no longer a soldier, you are just a woman now. My woman, hahahaha!"

As he said that, Taize directly held Caris down, and tore the clothes on her body, and cut off the clothes that were not broken, and Caris's perfect figure was displayed in front of Taize. . Awesome, even though he has been fighting all the year round, his delicate skin is so well maintained that he doesn't even see any scars. As expected of a strong man capable of guarding one side, but here, Kalisi can only become a piece of meat that allows Taize to release the pressure.

"It's so beautiful, I want you now!"

After untiing Karis from the four-horse state, although the body can move a little bit, it is still bound after all, and it is as if the hands and feet are growing together, and there is no way to resist. And Taize had already put Caris's feet on his body, took off his clothes, and the thick baby stared at Caris, "I'm coming, beauty!"

No mercy, let alone pity, poor Caris, before she had time to resist, she was already taken away by this hateful man for her first time...

"Ahhhh...you...don't...ahhhhhhhhh!!!" Caris was hit by her powerful body, how could her immature body bear such beastly behavior, crimson blood flowed down her thighs , This...is the first time Karis has lost popularity.

"Haha! I found a treasure! It's still... still a...haha, it's so cool, General! You're amazing! So tight, so comfortable!"

The stimulation and insult of the language, coupled with the shame of being unable to move the body, made Caris want to die, and the pain of the body being torn apart brought intense pain to Caris. Damn it! ! I am the great general, the female knight! You... you actually treated me like this! I won't let you go! ! Ahhh! ! Well...too much! So comfortable! it hurts! So exciting! Don't stop! ! ! Bastard bastard! ! ! Let me suffer for a while longer if you have the ability! !

The inner resistance could not resist the honesty of the body. Gradually, Caris' body began to swing along with the rhythm, allowing Taize to knead her breasts and buttocks. Even Taize put Karis's toes near his mouth and put them in his mouth...

Being insulted so strongly by Taize, Kalis only had resentment in her eyes, her heart did not give in, but the strong reaction of her body made her want to stop. Damn it, I am a female knight, General, I cannot submit to you! Absolutely not! Damn it, don't let my body react to me~ No, no, I'm going.

Taize's powerful offensive made Kalis unable to resist at all. Following the bursts of convulsions and stiffness, tears of humiliation were left in Kalis' eyes, and her body gradually returned to paralysis. His body was completely tied up with a rope, and he had no right to resist at all. He could only watch Taize, who had just insulted him, and put on his pants with a grin. "My lovely female general, I guess that big fish has been taken I caught it, and I will bring her to you now to see if she is an important person, hahahaha."

As he said that, Taize did not continue to tie Karis. He knew that Karis would not be able to break free from such a bondage, so he closed the door and left without worry.

Although the rope couldn't be broken free, Taize also ignored the honor of the knight in Caris's heart. She couldn't be willing to be insulted all the time like this. She had to escape from the current situation, such a predicament. Fortunately, the hands and feet were not connected together, and there was no one guarding them here. It would probably take at least some time for them to come back. If during this period of time, I can have a chance to untie myself, then I can escape. And without a weapon in his hand, even if he meets Taize, he probably won't be an opponent.

It was dilapidated, and although it had been tidied up, there were still a lot of rubble on the ground. Seeing some sharp tiles, Caris became cruel. It seems that whether she can untie the damn rope depends on these things.

Caris stood up, her feet were tied tightly, she almost lost consciousness and could not maintain her balance, but she still managed to move to the corner of the wall not far from the bed, and spotted a broken tile. Very sharp, should be able to cut the rope, but more likely to cut yourself. But there's no time to think about that now.

	"pain……"

Because her hands were bound very tightly, Caris could hardly cut to the exact position of her wrists. With a few strokes, several small cuts were made on her arms and body. But Kari did not give up at all. After all, if he could cut himself, he could definitely cut the rope. This is not possible now, my body is not covered at all, so I should find a way to free my feet first, and then let's talk about it.

The ground is relatively dirty. Although Karis never loses in marching and fighting, after all, a girl loves to be clean. But after all, his body was defiled by Taize, and it is obviously meaningless to still worry about these things now. Lying on the ground, she raised her feet with difficulty, but found that her hands were tied too high, and she couldn't cut the rope on her feet at all. A lot of time passed, and Caris was very anxious, but she couldn't think of anything to do. Method, damn it, why is this binding method so excessive? No wonder Taize dared to throw himself here and leave...

By the way, just cut the ropes around the neck and wrists first. As long as the hands have some room to move, the rope can definitely be untied. Thinking of this, Kalisi didn't care about lying on the ground now, and tried to cut the rope hanging from the back of her neck above her wrist. She tried several times, and finally the king paid off, and the rope snapped. In an instant, the numb hands were liberated. The indescribable ease and indescribable feeling made Caris feel hopeful and see the light. She immediately lowered her hands, raised her feet, and began to rub the ropes of her ankles with the rubble. Sure enough, it was much easier, her feet cooperated better, and she freed her legs without hurting herself. Caris then changed her posture, and unexpectedly cut the ropes of her thighs and thighs smoothly. Still have wrists now, great, great! !

"Okay, let's go all out!" Caris has become more and more proficient, but just about to cut the wrist rope, she heard the sound of gongs and drums from outside. Worse, they are back! what to do? Just get out of here quickly, but the hands haven't been untied yet. I can't take care of it anymore, let's talk about it after leaving.

Seeing her shoes being taken off and thrown aside, Caris immediately went to put them on. Although the soles of her feet were made uncomfortable by some gravel, it was much more convenient than bare feet. Then, Karis kicked the door open hard, and it was great that they hadn't come in yet. Immediately run back from the wall. Since they have returned, it is estimated that Princess Ferry has fallen into the hands of these thieves. But now I can't protect myself, I have no way to save her, leave here first, come back after rectifying, when Taize sees that he has run away, he will probably be even crazier to find himself, at that time, he will definitely lose and run away again Opportunity.

"Princess, I'm sorry, I can only save you later." Karis spotted a gap next to the stockade, bent down and got out. It's great that I escaped, but my hands are still tied and I don't have any clothes on. It would be too embarrassing to be caught like this, so stay away first. At least don't let them catch up right away. Princess, please forgive me! !

Carliss cleaned up the gravel in her shoes, but she didn't care too much. The piece of rubble in her hand couldn't be found, so she had to find another way. Fortunately, this mountain is not full of rocks. Easy to go downhill. Caris, who was cautious, finally came to the foot of the mountain after a while of staggering. It seems that this place has not been affected by the war. But people in this small village

Basically all have fled. However, in the house in the middle of the village, Kaliss found wisps of cooking smoke. Great, there are still people here. I can ask them to untie the rope for me.

Karis was also too anxious, she didn't even think about it, she just rushed over like this, thinking that the villagers here were staying behind, and everything would be easy if she could untie the rope, but when she entered this room, It was discovered that there was only one shirtless middle-aged bald man here. And when the man turned his head, he looked at Caris with a smirk that made Caris almost fall back in fright.

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

"Little sister, are you naked? Have you met a bandit? Or just escaped?" Seeing Lacus's appearance, the man immediately turned around and walked in. The smile on his face was so unbearable, but his language was delicate and soft.

"That's right... isn't there anyone else here?" Karis looked around vigilantly, there was no life here at all, she just wanted to exit the room now, because she looked like a sheep in the mouth of a tiger.

"Little sister, why are your hands behind your back? There are so many scars on your body. Are your hands tied? Come here and I'll untie them first." The man got closer and closer, but he said he wanted to untie the rope for himself , can you believe it? As long as he thinks about it, it's really too simple to subdue the current self in this place called "every day should not be called the ground is not working".

"..." This man really doesn't look like a good person. Seeing him like this, Caris couldn't help beating her heart, and when the man didn't pay attention, she turned around and ran away, "Sorry, I still have something to do, I'm in trouble next time." You."

"Hey, little sister, let me untie it for you first. Don't run that way, it's dangerous!" the man shouted from behind, but Caris was already scared, so she just turned her head and ran away in one breath. After confirming that the man did not catch up, she was relieved. Forget it, find another way to untie the rope. It's a pity that this place is full of vegetation, it is impossible to cut the rope, and there are no people living here. Once Taize launched Soushan, he still couldn't run out of this range. what to do?

However, Kalis's luck seemed to have come, because on the opposite side, an old woman with a basket on her back and a headscarf appeared, walking over with a kind face. Looking at her attire, she should be someone who has lived here all the time, and she has a sickle in her hand, which must be able to cut the rope in her hand. Great, the god of luck has been taking care of me!

"Old woman, old woman!" Kalis ran towards the old woman excitedly, and the old woman also noticed the naked child with bound hands, "Great, please help me cut the rope on my hands."

As soon as Karis ran in front of the old woman, she immediately turned around and presented her bound hands in front of the old woman. The old woman was also stunned for a while, and immediately gave a "hmm" and clenched them tightly. The sickle, and then directly pressed Caris' body from behind, and the sharp sickle rested on her neck, "Peugeot girl, don't run away, come back with me and marry my son."

"Old woman??" Caris was so frightened that she was careless, judging people too much by their appearance. She never thought that this old woman would subdue her so decisively, and she looked so weak, why was she so vicious?

"Don't talk nonsense, if you don't want to die, just be honest with me!"

The old woman hit Kalisi fiercely, directly in the stomach, and beat her to the ground on the spot. I can't even shout out, it's over, is it going to be planted here this time? A stupid and strong man came out from behind the old woman. When he saw Karis who was naked, he immediately beamed with joy. At first glance, he was the kind of person with problems, but Karis, who was subdued like this, had no chance to resist. Being directly crushed to the ground by this man, the old woman pushed back two steps in satisfaction, watching her son insult Karis.

"You...you will die!" How could Caris's small body withstand such a restraint, and she couldn't move at all when she was pinned to the ground. This can only be regretted.

Seeing this man greedily licking her body with her tongue, Kalis really would rather die than die. She could only grit her teeth silently, enduring the man's thick baby, and pushed it directly into her body... …

Wanting to cry without tears, her martial arts were suppressed to death. Although the rope only bound her hands, Karis, who had been tortured to the point of exhaustion, had no way to push away or fight back against this strong man. The majestic female knight, the female general, is now so insulted, it can only be said that the tiger is in peace.

"Damn it, you're so despicable!" Kalis struggled to wriggle her immobile body, as if she was about to fall apart if she moved casually, but this abominable man didn't pay any attention to Kalis's screams.

"Mom, this woman... ah, so comfortable!!"

"Good boy, as long as you like it, take her back later, and you can keep her as a wife." What the old woman said, Kalisi couldn't believe it. Disgusting!

"You guys have to die! Don't die!!" In the last stubbornness of Caris, tears of grief and indignation flowed from the corners of her eyes. She knew that she couldn't escape this catastrophe. There is still a way to escape, just don't get damaged beyond recovery.

	"Snapped!"

A loud slap hit Caris on the face, and the man pressed Caris hard, while shouting angrily, "You are not allowed to scold Mom!"

"You!" Unexpectedly, this man is so ruthless, and even tormenting himself like this, he was able to hit him hard. The bloodshot from the corner of his mouth made Caris not say anything more, and could only accept his fate obediently , Let this man vent all his desires on himself.

"Ah~~haha, it's so comfortable, mom, I like this woman so much." After the man finished his work, he stood up and put on his pants, and all the dirt was left in Caris's body, "Let's take her back Close it."

"Okay, dear boy, take her back and lock her up with a chain." The old woman turned her back and said to the man with a smile, "She must have escaped like this. Running."

"Mom, then we'll break her hands and feet, so she won't be able to soak."

"!!" Caris was terrified when she heard it. She knew very well that these two people could definitely do it. It will only be thrown away as tatters.

"No, it's not easy to find a girl in the chaos of war. Last time, you killed her in just a few days. You are not allowed to use violence." The old woman's words made Caris even more frightened. This pair of demon mother and son...

"Okay, I hit her just now, I'm going to apologize to her." The man walked up to Caris in a foolish way, and carried her on his shoulders, "Sorry, I hit you just now, You must not hate me, or I will break your hand!"

	"well……"

Caris could only nod her head repeatedly, she didn't have the thought of resisting, otherwise she would be really miserable. She knew that smiling and being silent now was the best way to protect herself. As long as I still have my life, as long as my hands and feet are healthy, there will definitely be a chance to stand up... surely...?

Carlisle was carried back home by this horrible pair of mother and son. She didn't know how far she had been carried. She didn't know where she was. There were still some exposed bones in the yard. They must have been the scourge. The remains of the girl... Damn it, if I regain my combat power, I will definitely punish you on the spot! No mercy! Why didn't I find such a situation when I governed here before! Otherwise, I would be wiped out in the bud from the very beginning, and I wouldn't fall into such a situation next time, and these girls wouldn't be unable to return to their hometown!

After a few clicks, Caris realized that she really might not have a chance to run, because the man was using very solid shackles to lock her, and she was directly handcuffed to the wall, so there was no way she could escape. I couldn't even move, my feet were standing apart and stuck to the wall. The waist is the same, and although the hands are barely untied, I will die even worse if I resist now. Although the freedom of the hands is hard-won, there is no way to resist. Her hands were also handcuffed to the wall, and the five shackles made Caris completely lose her freedom. Moreover, the next time of freedom, there is no telling when it will come.

"Hey boy, I'm going to cook, don't hurt her, or I'll be angry!" The old woman said and left, as if Caris was just a toy that could be manipulated at will.

"Yes~Mom, haha~" This man actually acted like a child. Although Karis knew that he had a brain problem, it was even more creepy. Seeing this man licking her body with great interest, Ka Lisi Although Risi is full of horses in her heart, she can only think of ways to gain his trust, and see if Youmi has a chance to let him let go of herself.

"Ah, that's amazing, little brother, umm, my sister likes you very much!" Caris suppressed her nausea, and said to the man with a smile, "Can you... well, tell me your name name?"

"Sister, do you like me? No, you said you wanted me to die!" The man kneaded and said, "I don't believe you!"

"That's my sister... ah, I didn't know you were so good. Now my sister likes you, can you tell me your name?" Caris never thought that she still has the talent to be an actor. Such a lie, actually In this case, you can say it casually.

"Mom calls me a boy, I don't have another name!" The man obviously believed him when he heard Caris say that he liked him twice. Although it was easy to lie, he didn't stop what he was doing. Caris kept touching.

"Uh... ah~ Then I will call you brother, okay? You should be gentle with my sister, my sister prefers gentle ones."

"What is tenderness?"

A rhetorical question almost made Caris's head explode, damn it, you! Take it easy! ! Don't you think I'm human? Are you trying so hard to pull my flesh off? No, bear it! Hold on! Now I don't have any chance.

"Haha, brother...you are so cute. By the way, how long do you want to handcuff your sister here?" Karis finally asked this question tentatively, and she kept praying in her heart, this terrible A man must not beat himself when he gets angry and changes his face. Without the old woman's stop, this man can really beat himself to death. But she had to raise this question.

"Well, until my sister dies."

	"What!!"

The man said this with a smile, and Karis knew that he was serious, very serious. But it's almost a death sentence for Kalis...until I die? Let me go through the end of my life with this humiliating posture? Have been ravaged by you, been defiled by you? You... you are still not human! ! Worse than Taize and their bandits! ! !

"Sister, don't you like this?" The man stopped what he was doing, showing displeasure on his face. Kaliss already faintly felt that he was a little angry. In order not to suffer from flesh and blood, she could only smile and say something against her will Come.

"No, no, my sister is just a little... umm... surprised." Caris watched the man clenched his fisted hand, and could only nod her head, "My sister... also likes this a little..."

"Great, sister, if you like it, then I can rest assured to keep you locked up."

"You!!!" Kalisi was already so angry that her seven orifices were filled with smoke. Damn it, are you really stupid or fake? ? How dare you trick me? I am a female knight! General! The guardian of this land before, why did you treat me like this! What right do you have to treat me like this! !

Tears of grievances flowed from Kalis's eyes, and the old woman also brought hot food. Seeing the man doing all kinds of nasty things on Kaliss, she still Laughing all the time.

"Girl, don't try to fool us. You are not the first person to think of a way to escape. This lock, even if I want to let you open it, I can't open it. I can only open it after you die. It will open automatically after you click on it."

"What! You... are you still human? Do you still have the law?" Caris is really almost desperate now. This cold lock has made her lose her freedom, and the old woman's words have made her lose her freedom. Almost all hope was lost, "Why... why did you do this to me! I am the general who has been protecting this place! How many things I have done for you, why do you want me to end up like this! Why!!!"

Caris, who had finally collapsed, was completely hysterical. She would die as soon as she died. Anyway, she would never leave here alive. At least let them know before she died that she was not the kind of person who would just give in! However, it was taken for granted that this man beat him severely! It is true that a beggar is worse than a hero in distress. It's just that at this moment, Kalish's inner will has been gradually obliterated and gradually disappeared...

The man violated, tortured and ravaged her day after day, almost making Caris thin. Every day, this man would come to do that kind of thing with her, and Caris also gradually became obedient from the initial resistance , even numb to the present. His body, which was unable to move, was exhausted long ago, and the empty eyes in his eyes made it impossible for anyone to imagine that it belonged to the high-spirited female general before.

The body has been almost hollowed out, but there is no chance of freedom at all. Being imprisoned here forever is the ultimate fate of this troubled female knight. What war, princess, country. It has nothing to do with her. Until the end of her life, Caris could only be imprisoned in this dark place, waiting for this man who called her sister to come here again and ruthlessly invade her...