//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

I saw her for the first time at the launch event of that pair of jeweled new products. As the name suggests, her name is Yu'er. It is simply the skin that is worshiped like a high-quality jade, flawless, and can be broken by blowing a bullet. Her every move, every frown and word are so attractive to me.

She is not that kind of particularly beautiful girl, but I am very impressed by her unique temperament, as well as her appearance full of wisdom and kindness. Especially at the moment when I saw her from the side, the astonishingly pure appearance of heaven and man, coupled with the graceful appearance brought by the waist-length hair, attracted my eyes and heart.

"Hello, beautiful lady, I want to get to know you, can I?" I was also very formally dressed, holding a glass of champagne, and walked up to her. Her big pearl-like bright eyes smiled back at me. , let my heart flutter.

"Sorry, your way of striking up a conversation is a bit old-fashioned." The girl named Yu'er just smiled slightly. After introducing me to each other, she didn't seem to be interested in me. That's right, the girl who can come here is very Wealth is wealth, and of course there will be no shortage of male partners, and I am here only by invitation, and there are not many bright spots.

However, when I was still thinking about how to start the topic, a man came and interrupted me. This man should be Yu'er's male companion. , I can also guess one or two. It seems that I can't eat this swan meat today.

The content of the press conference is very substantial, and my interest has already been completely in this girl named Yu'er, especially her snow-white jade feet wrapped in tall high-heeled sandals, which amazed me as a foot controler. I can almost say that I have never seen such perfect feet. Painted with light nail polish, the high arch of the foot is like a crescent moon, the toes are smooth and white, neat and neat, there is no trace of incongruity, no wonder she walks with such a good temperament, when I glanced at her ruddy When I was on my heels, I couldn't take my eyes off it anymore. Really... really envious of her companion.

I have always been a law-abiding person, but today, there was a ripple in my heart that I wanted to cross the line. Even after the event, I was driving and slowly followed behind their car. At this time, I swear I really haven't used any crooked brains. However, she is close at hand but far away in front of her, can she know how much I miss her?

After turning several streets, she arrived home. Here, it is not as luxurious and wealthy as imagined, but it can be regarded as the residence of ordinary middle-class people. After getting off the car, the man with the car probably wanted to take her upstairs, but she politely refused. I could see clearly from behind, however, after repeated persuasion failed, the man pointed at Yu'er as if to yell at her a few times, got into the car and slammed the door and walked away. Yu'er stood there silently, as if all this was within her expectation. I just cleaned up my mood on the spot, and rubbed my eyes with my hands, as if there were already tears. However, all of this was like a sharp knife cutting on my body, which made me feel distressed. However, I didn't have any excuse to comfort her, and I didn't want to drive me away when she was sad.

However, she just looked at me, then walked straight to my car, and even tapped on my car window lightly. Now she is so close to me, but I just slowly lowered the car window and smiled awkwardly, but I didn't know how to say what I had been thinking about for a long time along the way.

"I've been with you for a long time." Yu'er flicked her hair with her hand, there was no accusation I imagined, nor the expected barrier, "Is there anything you want to tell me? Or let you see that I am miserable Does your appearance disappoint you?"

Seeing Yu'er's low-cut evening dress showing her body loomingly, my heart also moved. Maybe she could hear my heartbeat. But I still didn't dare to take another look. The impression of stalking was already very bad, and it would be even worse if I gave her the impression of being a pervert.

"Sorry, I just..." I was incoherent, and I didn't know how to explain that I followed her. Yes, I followed her, but I didn't expect to be discovered by her. I just wanted to watch her silently .

"I just couldn't help but follow me, right? Then, would you mind buying me a drink?" Yu'er walked up to my co-driver, opened the car door and got in, "If you're not in a hurry."

	"My pleasure."

When I drove to the bar, she was not as reserved as I imagined, but instead showed me her noble side. She may be a frequent visitor to this kind of place, but she is still very measured. She sat alone with me near the bar. Beside the round table, he held a glass of foreign wine in his left hand and pressed it to his face, and tapped the table with his right hand.

Although she and I have never spoken, we look at each other, reading each other's thoughts and various personalities with our eyes. After looking at each other for a long time, she finally spoke, "You are not a good person, but you are not a bad person either. You should be regarded as a very principled person. By your side, even if I am drunk, you will not do anything, but if I agree, and you won't be the type to be soft-hearted. Am I right in my analysis?"

"Maybe..." Yu'er said a few words and I was speechless. I am indeed such a person, but how she can see it, I don't know. But I know very well that maybe she and I can continue the conversation further, "Now that I already know me, can I tell you about you?"

"No, but I can give you a chance to understand." Yu'er clinked glasses with me, her face was flushed, it seems that she had already had a lot of drinks before, "I don't want to invest any emotion, it may happen at any time Leaving may even be the next second. Can you accept such a character?"

"No, I will be emotionally involved, but if you want to leave, I won't stop it, because it means that I haven't done a good job. Or there is no place to attract you anymore."

"You're very interesting." Yu'er touched her forehead with her hand, smiled wryly for a while, and actually drank the foreign wine in one gulp, "I didn't play cards according to common sense, and I didn't understand this."

"Is it interesting to see through it?" I also drank the contents of the glass, "I feel that you are not interested in anything."

"Yes, it's not interesting. I just want to find some people who can't see through to observe."

	"Why?"

"Blag yourself, my psychology is too good..." Yu'er supported her cheeks, but didn't look at me again, "When I see you through, I will find it boring."

"Then, can I give you a chance to see through me?"

	"Can."

Yu'er's straightforwardness gave me no chance to react, but I didn't worry too much about this problem. After staying in the bar for more than 2 hours, I almost became a philosopher, but it also made me a little bit uncomfortable. Can adapt, but Yu'er is getting more and more interested. She even asked me if I had time to let her waste it later. I readily agreed, but her request surprised me.

"Don't go to my house, or your house, let alone go to a hotel, find a place where no one is around, kidnap me, I want to see how you will react."

"Aren't you afraid of me?" Hearing Yu'er say this, I don't know why my heart was aroused, "You also said just now, I am not the type to be soft."

"But I won't agree with you about anything."

	"you can."

While chatting and laughing, Yu'er and I returned to the car. It happened that there were a lot of adhesive tapes in the car today. It was originally used as engineering materials, but now it will become a tool for me as a kidnapper. This made Yu'er laugh so hard that she lost her composure, "It seems that it is really fate."

We came to this abandoned factory that our photography friends like to visit the most. It is also a place that we have contracted. The lights and scenes have been arranged. Now it is late at night, but it is more suitable for kidnapping.

Yu'er got out of the car without any timidity, left all her belongings in the car, and even offered to help me carry the tape and other things. Seeing that the room was clean, she just smiled, "I was kidnapped today, everything seems to be arranged for me to fall into the trap, but remember, I don't agree with you to do anything .”

"Well." As I said that, I moved a wooden box, about one meter high, which we usually use as props for shooting, and it was neatly organized. Yuer just sat on the wooden box, "Please put Keep your feet together."

"You may be the most polite kidnapper I know." Yu'er propped her hands on the box, with her feet dangling outside, and let me wrap the tape around her feet. I wrapped her ankles, knees, and thighs all They were tied together with black tape, several times, which strangled her slender feet tightly.

"Please give me your hand." I didn't waver because of Yu'er's words, this is my principle for girls, don't overdo it, don't hurt, "That's right."

This time Yu'er didn't say anything, just put her hands together behind me, and wrapped her wrists, arms and elbows with tape, and then, the tape continued to wrap her arms and body, wrists and waist. bundled together. I squatted down slightly, knelt down in front of her on one knee, and took off her high-heeled sandals. This pair of white jade feet was held in the palm of my hand, and the soles of her tender and pink feet were just like that. On my hand, it was warm and moist, and exuded bursts of fragrance, directly attacking my taste buds, I really want to... kiss like this.

Her feet stepped on my hand together, I felt the softness of the girl's feet, and I also admired the charm of these perfect jade feet, which I could hardly believe, and I couldn't believe that now, they were held in my hands And my light kiss made Yu'er's body tremble, obviously, she didn't expect me to make such a gesture so gentlemanly. She blushed slightly in embarrassment.

"Kiss your feet too, are they dirty?"

"Very fragrant, really."

"As you like, but... ah~"

I haven't waited for Yu'er to finish speaking, I have already gently licked between her toes with my tongue...

"It tastes good." I looked up at Yu'er, but she blushed, it seemed that this move surprised her, and she seemed very interested in this kind of surprise. I can see it too.

"No matter how good it is, it's just a pair of unwashed feet." Yu'er smiled and said this sentence with embarrassment. It seems that she still minds a little, but it's not me, but herself.

"If I say, I like your feet more than yours, will you be angry?" I touched Yu'er's feet with my hand, looking like a treasure, which surprised Yu'er.

"Aren't my feet very big and ugly? You like it too. Could it be that you are foot control? I really didn't see it." Yu'er was obviously blushing. This girl is really outrageous. One foot control ten can't extricate themselves after watching it, she actually finds it ugly?

"Well, I want to appreciate your feet, okay?"

"You don't appreciate it?"

"Not counting!"

As I said, I directly supported Yu'er's body, put her down, and lay down on the box, wrapped her ankles with tape, pulled down the wrist, and tied a horse's hoof for her, like this , This pair of jade feet, which are so beautiful that they cannot be described in words, was completely presented in front of me. The smooth soles with almost no extra lines, and the rosy whiteness completely conquered me. Even, I almost spit it out on the spot, but Yu'er was ashamed. It seems that she is really afraid of being seen on the soles of her feet. Maybe, she really thinks her feet are not good-looking...

I can't help it anymore, all kinds of touching, all kinds of light kisses, and all kinds of licking are used on this beautiful girl's perfect feet, and even every line of her toes, I want to remember in my heart. Because, this is so perfect.

"It's itchy, it's itchy~ Don't do this."

Yu'er had already started to writhe, all kinds of struggles were in vain. She had never imagined that the tape could hold her so firmly.

"Okay, okay, I don't want it, can I just leave it like this?" Yu'er became anxious, because this was something outside of her regulations. Among the outrageous things she didn't ask me to do, she didn't ask me to kiss her lightly. feet are counted.

"You are tied, no one will come here, do you think the so-called rules are still useful?" I stroked Yu'er's head, showing a smile that made her a little scared, but now she has no love for me. There is no other way, "If I let you off today, you won't give me another chance in the future, sorry, I will miss the appointment."

Yu'er just wanted to speak, but I stuffed it into her mouth with a handkerchief I carried with me, sealed it with tape, and then wrapped her eyes several times, completely depriving her of the light and the chance to ask for help. And now Yu'er was struggling in a panic, moaning vaguely as if begging for mercy, but I just stretched my hand directly onto her thigh. Touching up, slowly down, has been touching her heels. Yu'er's feet were swinging vigorously, but these were weak struggles, the tape was tied tightly, she had no chance at all, if I didn't use scissors, it might be difficult for me to tear these tapes off.

Now, I can feel the girl's fear, and I just like it when I put a girl in a situation where she can be slaughtered, and then I can bully her and touch her.

Finally, I didn't need to bear it anymore, and turned Yu'er sideways. Her evening dress was originally low-cut, and it was too easy for me to put my hand in. Especially when my fingers lightly touched the little fleshy spot on her chest, Yu'er's body trembled violently, and she even clenched her fists tightly. I saw that she was sobbing. If it wasn't for my mouth being stuffed, she might have cried.

"Yu'er, do you regret it now? If it falls into my hands, I won't hurt you, but I won't let you go either." After speaking, a kiss on Yu'er's face and chest made her feel She was completely ignited, she struggled with her hands and feet, her body bent back desperately, and twisted in vain, which made me even more unscrupulous, the brothers under my crotch were already straight, to be honest, if it weren't for Yu'er who is now in the state of four horses , it is possible for me to attack her directly.

Putting Yu'er back on the box, I fantasized about the feeling of these beautiful feet wearing different socks. The more I thought about it, the more fascinated I was. I simply used tape to tie Yu'er's whole body and the hook on the ceiling together, so that she could There is no way to move and run away, I will go to the nearby 24-hour convenience store to buy socks. Just do it!

Hearing the news that I was leaving, Yu'er panicked, firstly she didn't know what I was going to do and when I would come back, secondly because of her current state, if someone else came, she would be really miserable. I kept moaning, even crying, but they couldn't keep my determination. Leaving her here alone, closing the door and driving away, the convenience store is actually not far away, and you will be there in no time. There are many styles of women's socks in it. I took several pairs and left after paying the money. I also care about Yu'er Will you be afraid, will you be frightened?

"Baby, I'm back." Opening the door, Yu'er was still lying on the box, unable to move at all. I threw the socks on the box and took out a pair of white cotton socks for her to put on. In an instant, she The beautiful feet give me a completely different feeling. The white socks are a bit thick, but they can’t resist the beautiful color of her ruddy feet. I just love it
Without letting go, he kept stroking and kissing lightly.

At this moment, Yu'er saw that I was only working hard on her feet, and she actually felt a little relieved, and she also shook her feet in cooperation, which made me even more enjoyable to watch. Then, she took off the white socks and put on short black silk. This time, her feet felt different again. The movement of the toes is very spiritual, as if it can talk.

Especially wrapped in black stockings, the rosy feeling is even more charming. In addition, the shape of her feet is really very~very good~! ! I'm already satisfied just seeing it, not to mention letting me touch and kiss at will. And Yu'er gradually realized that she was not in danger anymore, and she went from sobbing to laughing a little. But I just can't see her expression.

Next, of course, I also want to see the shredded pork, how does she feel about wearing this traditional style. However, it didn't make my eyes shine like black silk and white socks or even bare feet, because these socks blocked the peculiar brilliance of her feet.

"Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!! Put the socks on for her!

"Cough cough, cough cough, you... you really exceeded my expectations, so ruthless, you really left me behind." Yu'er coughed a few times, and I fed her some water, "You want to tie me up here?" How long will I be?"

"It depends on your mood." Yu'er still can't see it now, but she can feel me stroking her cheeks and back.

"You've got me a little interested. It's so exciting, it's totally unexpected."

"So, can I go too far?"

//Publisher: New Moon
//Published on the CNKBTK resource transfer station https://www.cnkbtk.com

	"Can't."

While laughing, I also sat on the box and pillowed Yu'er's head on my lap, but I didn't expect that this action would make my brother feel so special suddenly, even to the extent that he could push it up. Yu'er felt it.

"I can't see it, but I think your thing is standing up. Isn't it?"

"Sorry, I'll just let it go back."

"It's okay, it's just a normal reaction. By the way, is there anything more exciting? Without crossing the line for me, I suddenly want to try it out."

"Of course, but, do you really trust me?" My hand is still exploring in Yu'er's clothes, and Yu'er's body temperature has obviously risen, which is her shyness.

"Then do you trust me? Are you afraid that I just let you let me go as a delay?"

"That's what you said. I believe you." My other hand was still on the sole of Yu'er's feet, feeling the tenderness of her feet.

"Okay, tell me, what else can you do to make me feel more exciting?" Yu'er smiled slightly, and it was obvious that she was very excited, really excited.

"I'll tie you tightly with a rope and hang you here, and then..." I whispered the following words, because I was too embarrassed to say it myself, but Yu'er couldn't help but yelled...

"What? Take off my clothes... this, this..."

"If it doesn't work, I won't take it off, I'm sorry..." I couldn't even say it, after all, I've only known her for a few hours, and she is not the kind of casual girl, but I said this It seems that she should be very annoyed, but she is not as reserved as imagined.

"Really, you told me, and I agreed, so I'm not a very casual person, you should not tell me, just... oh, oh! What am I talking about! No, no, no! Don't take off my clothes , you can tie it if you want!"

Yu'er's words have already completely expressed her little thoughts, haha, this girl can't see how cute she is. The next step is to serve with ropes. After all, I have a special liking for ropes~ There are ropes here, because they are usually used to tie for some binding shooting, but I didn’t expect it to come in handy at this time.

"You give me light!"

Yu'er stood up, all the tape on her body was gone, her upper body was tied tightly according to the Japanese standard, and her feet continued to be tied side by side, but this time, I had already pushed the box away, and tied the rope behind Yu'er directly to the On this hook above her head.

"Baby, offended."

My hand untied the ribbon of Yu'er's evening dress, and directly tore off her dress, and that jade-like white body was displayed in front of me...

"You are too much!! I said I disagree!" Yu'er twisted her body, and the beautiful pair on her chest was shaking perfectly, which made my index finger move wildly.

"When did I say that I need your consent." I squeezed my hand directly, and secretly used the wooden clothespin next to her to clamp the sensitive flesh of her chest, "It's so beautiful, Yu'er."

"You! You!! Ahh, take it easy, it hurts so much! It's so numb!" Yu'er's body curled up a little, but she didn't struggle too much, as if she was expecting me to do so.

"Don't worry, I'll take it easy later."

With my arms around Yu'er's waist, I kissed her, stroked her body, felt her body temperature, and also felt the excitement she brought to me that was completely different from others. This kind of stimulation made my baby accidentally push her crotch.

"This thing can withstand me! Cut it off." Yu'er twisted in embarrassment, but it was more like burying it in my arms.

"Maybe it will be useful later, so let's keep it for now."

"Hey, this is different from the agreement. Let me make it clear first. If I don't agree, this thing must not be used!" Yu'er became anxious. Now she is completely controlled by me, trapped by the rope, let alone resist Yes, even if you want to take the initiative.

"You mean that as long as my performance is qualified, then I have a chance to agree?" I couldn't help but move my hand from Yu'er's back, slowly to her waist, and then down to her buttocks. Then, slowly move forward, down, between her legs, "Huh? Why? It's much wetter than I thought."

"That's sweat! It's sweat!! Wow, who's wet! Are you sick!"

"Yes, it's sweat, I'm sick. Haha." A kiss with Yu'er, now, we no longer have the mutual temptation that we just met when we first met, it's just comforting together, of course, this also makes me lust Burning the body, it seemed that the uncontrollable monster in the body was about to break out of the cocoon.

"It's so annoying to you! Why don't you shut up my mouth now, you're not a good person! I'm yuck!" Yu'er became fussy, which I didn't expect. I like it.

"Okay, open your mouth."

"Ah~~huh? Why did you do it?" After Yu'er asked, she honestly let me stuff the thing in my hand into my mouth, stuffed it full, and sealed it with tape twice, "Yeah Um??"

"This is one of the socks you were wearing just now, of course it's dry!"

"Woooooo!! (I'll kill you!!)"

Yu'er has been taken care of by me. I checked the rope she was hanging on. It is very strong. It is not a problem for her to hang around like this. I continued to tie her ankle with the rope and brought her a four-horse hanging rope. , to be honest, I wanted to try this binding method for a long time, but it was as if my level was not up to standard, which made Yu'er twist all the time, maybe it hurt her ankle, but I didn't give up. I just washed the soles of her feet on the ground with water, so that her beautiful jade feet returned to the pinkness and cleanliness before, then walked to her side, touched her breasts with both hands, completely uncovered, and I also took the clips off. This pose is invincible. Yu'er's chest is hanging down. I grab it with my hands. It is soft and elastic. I stroke it with both hands. I have to take care of her legs.

"Yeah!" Yu'er swayed from side to side, twisted, and even clamped her feet, but those things she called sweat stains were indeed so sticky and slippery, and in such a large amount. Gradually, Yu'er struggled less and less, but her feet kept twisting, and I could tell that it hurt from being tied up by me. But I didn't want to let her go right away, so I just supported her body and turned around vigorously, which frightened her and kept moaning. After turning a couple of times, she stopped. Yu'er was out of breath, but there was nothing she could do.

Gently put her down, and the moment her feet touched the ground, she was relieved. Although she was blindfolded, I could tell that she was looking at me with resentful eyes.

"Baby, is it exciting?" I had a playful smile on my face, and Yu'er was panting all the time, but she didn't react too much, she just nodded silently...

No, no, I really can't take it anymore, no, it should be said that my brother can't take it anymore, it's hard to be stuck in the crotch. I let him out, feeling like fresh air, but it is more upright and majestic. All that's left is to let the girl say the word of agreement. But how do you get him to speak out?

"Ahem, you...you are so uneasy and kind, why did you open my mouth?" Yu'er seemed to know what I was thinking, she lowered her head and looked at me with gritted teeth, "Do you want me to say That sentence?"

"Haha, baby, you know me so well? But you guessed it right, I really want you to speak out, not force you."

"I think it's beautiful, I...!!!"

I didn't wait for Yu'er's consent at all, I walked behind her, supported her buttocks with both hands, leaned her body forward, and directly used my baby to give her...

"You pass... points!! Pull! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!"

How can I bear it? Could it be that you disagreed all night, and I just stared at you blankly, and then sat here foolishly? Waiting for your agreement is definitely more difficult than climbing to the sky. Since this is the case, anyway, you have the intention of giving me a chance, so of course I will not let go of any chance! Yu'er's body completely warmed me up, and the time I spent with her was really the most fulfilling time in my life.

Moving back and forth, Yu'er also moaned in various ways, which stimulated me to increase the strength, repeated friction, and made me and this girl one. After she and I had intense spasmodic convulsions, we reached the top together. Great, baby you are really good! This feeling is really the pinnacle! The pinnacle of life! ! !

"Bastard! You! You didn't wait for my consent! Who do you think I am!" Yu'er is still hanging here, but I'm done. Judging by her appearance, although she is angry, she doesn't care too much Bar? Maybe I just have such an opportunity and I can't let it go, but after calming down now, I still feel a little sorry for her.

"Take you as my baby."

"Go away! When am I yours!"

	"Just now!"

	"you!!"

Finally, Yu'er was put down by me, and all the shackles were released. She asked me to pull the wooden box over, jumped on the wooden box and sat down, "It's too much, it's too much!" Yu'er shed tears as she spoke, I know, she didn't hate me, but thought of it What happened.

"You said, what should I do, I don't want to have this kind of relationship with you!" Yu'er pouted, looking at me kneeling in front of her, I held her hands, but she was in tears.

"I'll be responsible for you from now on~" I'm quite calm, I like this girl very, very much, it would be great if she could be with me all the time.

"You are in charge, what identity do you want me to use to follow you? Really! Forget it, just pretend that what happened today didn't happen, and send me back, it's very late."

"Isn't it okay to be my girlfriend?" I mustered up the courage to say it, but I didn't expect that I would be ruthlessly rejected in return.

"You asked me after you did everything? Get lost! Of course not! I will never have a boyfriend." Yu'er kicked me and looked at me angrily, "And you are my boyfriend My friend, I'm sick of seeing this!"

"Why? Am I bad?"

"With your personality, you will definitely go out and hook up with other girls! Do you want me to be depressed about you every day in the future?"

"Uh..." I was told by Yu'er that I didn't know how to respond, after all...it's not like I haven't done this kind of thing before. In front of this guy, I still don't know how to hide it.

"You! No! No! Sure! You are not a good person, get out!" Yu'er angrily grabbed the socks on the wooden box and hit me, but I stood up and hugged me, "Wow!! Don't come here, don't come here !"

"Okay, calm down baby, let's stop talking about this, let me... admire your feet again?"

"Fuck you! I'm so angry, you still want to play with my feet? You... I've never met someone as shameless as you!" Yu'er raised her foot angrily and wanted to kick me, but this time He was hugged by me.

"It's so beautiful, so fragrant, baby, this is the foot I've been pursuing all my life, I really like it."

"Fuck! My feet are better than my body? I really want to kill you, but... you really make me a little bit confused. I still think it's good."

"Don't move around, let me take a good look, or if you don't talk to me again in the future, I won't have a chance." Touching Yu'er's feet, the satisfaction in my heart has never been so strong in my life, really Is put it down.

"Look? You know, just look, kiss me, lick me! Wow, you don't love me anymore! You don't want to, do you?" Yu'er was hysterical, completely different from the elegant feeling before , it turns out that she is the cutest. Under the cold exterior, there is indeed a hot heart hidden.

"Okay, let me kiss you gently~"

"Haha, it's itchy, it's so itchy~ What a nasty guy!" Yu'er finally broke through her tears and smiled, she was still smiling, she was cute, really cute.

Holding this pair of jade feet that I can hardly take my eyes off, I deeply sighed, I am so lucky tonight, I met the girl I like, and she happened to have a pair of feet that made me think that it would be difficult for me to be poor all my life. I found the best jade feet, and she is willing to be with me. This is simply God's favor.

I don't have to be patient any more, I finally held this pair of beautiful jade feet in front of me, and gently kissed her instep...